Sentence	Style
he had steel balls too !	toxic
dude should have been taken to api , he would be right at home with all the other knuckleheads there	toxic
im not gonna sell the fucking picture , i just want to contribute to the fucking article .	toxic
the garbage that is being created by cnn and other news agencies is outrageous .	toxic
the reason they dont exist is because neither is a pathological liar like trump .	toxic
i hope they beat each other silly .	toxic
no good bastards that we are and we are unrepentant about it .	toxic
stop the coverage and let em rot .	toxic
delete the page and shut up	toxic
every time you flag the post like a coward you make my point .	toxic
only to replaced by another braindead consensus .	toxic
more proof that liberalism might be a mental disorder .	toxic
it would be stupid not to .	toxic
i was just feeding him back his own , hypocritically selfrighteous words .	toxic
i want you all to myself , you sexy beast .	toxic
the stupid dems cheered when a sp was appointed .	toxic
some idiots put that to overshadow the war .	toxic
disgusting , immoral people , rightwing extremists , who should be driven out of office asap .	toxic
hello , you sexy little lovehole ! .	toxic
neither will anything change from this crap .	toxic
im here reading the usual garbage posts from the usual right wing suspects .	toxic
time to pull this rubbish .	toxic
you have neither the honesty nor the maturity to admit that you said something stupid .	toxic
the same government that dont know its elbow from their ass , that cant even manage a shebeen properly .	toxic
what a chicken crap excuse for a reason .	toxic
the election of van der bellen was a victory for stupidity and cultural suicide .	toxic
crazy like a fox the wily president trump kept slimy james comey on the straight and narrow .	toxic
clinton is a loser , twice .	toxic
if you arent frightened i think you are an idiot	toxic
damn , he was back home and should have stayed there .	toxic
you tried make an irrelevant point by using a really dumb generalization .	toxic
jeez , our voters vote in some stupid people .	toxic
i dont remember any stupid moves .	toxic
government sucks the life out of an economy .	toxic
some idiots no longer believe in national sovereignty .	toxic
he traveled to amarillo , from alaska , and proceeded to make an arse of himself .	toxic
how many niggers does it take to change a light bulb ?	toxic
if he was such a bad driver and got into stupid situations , i would not bailed him out .	toxic
he is working with russia to take down america and clowns like you are too clueless to notice .	toxic
it is truly incredible how hypocritical you are .	toxic
damn those young mothers driving their children to daycare through the snow drifts .	toxic
mckenna social justice warrior but big spender hypocrite on expensive government vehicles cut ! .	toxic
its a crock of shit , and you know it .	toxic
wikipedia review and tell the world why you not a grand dickhead	toxic
we arecountry of losers and abusers .	toxic
good , dont let the door hit you in the butt as you leave this conversation mr .	toxic
will never willingly watch that crap ever again .	toxic
she is looking like shite .	toxic
btw jonhson county is a real shithole in case you were wondering .	toxic
only churches give a crap it seems .	toxic
may karma be with this scumbag .	toxic
hey , you are a chicken shit coward .	toxic
why are canadians so taken up with hockey when their teams are all losers ?	toxic
canada would be very glad to be mexicos soul mate if mexico would stop being such a mess .	toxic
however , she is not out saying stupid things like trump on a daily basis .	toxic
keep crying me a river , bitch boy .	toxic
oh , one more thing , when it comes to prehistoric life , you guys are idiots !	toxic
since only idiots would take politcal cues from facebook , i can see why the democrat party is alarmed !	toxic
micronesians are being treated like cockroach families ? .	toxic
this garbage has a right to speak , no matter how vile his message .	toxic
theyre from the same dung heap .	toxic
would he have ended these cash for access , buy a political whore events if he wasnt caught ? .	toxic
until feminists take on islam and how it treats women , the entire movement is a total farce !	toxic
countless crap has been spotted by me .	toxic
dear alaexis , this kid is an asshole , does not understand anything , an idiot .	toxic
this is all coming out of our darned pockets , and i am not confident !	toxic
outsideryou are an idiot to make such an ignorant remark .	toxic
i didnt vote for the liar	toxic
i wouldnt spend dollar one in that racist hellhole .	toxic
do they think we are really stupid or just too lazy to stop them ? .	toxic
thats not a policy , thats nothing but bull pucky for the ignorant masses .	toxic
you dont need to be hurting their families even more by posting ignorant judgemental comments .	toxic
better than any of the bums currently quarterbacking this sht show .	toxic
the free world doesnt need your stupidity .	toxic
i stand by my ridiculous statement that planned parenthood and the illegal alien apologists were behind the marches .	toxic
now to digest it for you the above sentence ( quoted ) is downright stupid .	toxic
thats all the garbage you can come up with to bash trump ?	toxic
can you see how ridiculous these cases are becoming ?	toxic
the ship of fools are sailing full speed ahead .	toxic
did you read the article at all , or are you just another one of the gupta stooges ?	toxic
easy answer to the last question , of course hes dumb .	toxic
theyre despicable scum trying to take healthcare from millions so they can give tax breaks to billionaires .	toxic
he is morally bankrupt , intellectually lazy , and preternaturally greedy hewell quit before hes impeached .	toxic
so sad the voters in her district are stupid enough to continue to elect her .	toxic
the second is also untrue to the point of idiocy .	toxic
for these two fat , dumb , and stupid is no way to go through life .	toxic
im sure some is political bias , some cover your butt and pretend theres nothing wrong .	toxic
the us is one sick crazy hell of a place .	toxic
hell no dont you fucking talk back to me	toxic
wow , talk about an ignorant comment .	toxic
thank you for taking the time to display for all your riveting ignorance .	toxic
read a book you antisemite !	toxic
this whole article sucks the balls .	toxic
will corrupt twisters of rotten laws make flimsy excuses for their abuses ?	toxic
so i would presume their use of our tax dollars amount to over a million dollars idiot ! .	toxic
im more likely to switch back to conservative than vote for these clowns .	toxic
the only reason this stupidity is allowed to happen is because its federal land .	toxic
this idea seems to be a rather ignorant one .	toxic
up yours you incompetant administrator .	toxic
yes but john this old fart is so much smarter than you can ever be .	toxic
boy , that kid in cg is some lucky bastard .	toxic
some people who claim to love wildlife are either lying about it or are just plain stupid .	toxic
i find clough to often be a disrespectful jerk .	toxic
lewis now wears a small hat on his fat head .	toxic
wow they must think everybody but them are stupid !	toxic
yet you supported the buffoon all the time he was one of harpers top cabinet ministers .	toxic
many times they just want to validate their stupid actions .	toxic
jones is a bloated clown who thinks he can buy anything he wants , including popularity .	toxic
the malignant narcissist and mentally deranged sociopath opens his foul mouth and nothing comes out but excrement .	toxic
high profile idiots think they have everything under control .	toxic
trump is a reckless , ignorant , dishonest man who lacks credibility in america or the world .	toxic
a grown man who sen collins has more principled balls than he does .	toxic
i am reading , slowly , mcmasters dereliction of duty about the damn vietnam war .	toxic
yeah , this clowns gonna make alberta great again !	toxic
or you lie like a rabid dog .	toxic
hillary is free , his executive order is screwed , and his appointments have just a few problems .	toxic
you must have some other enemies , now do yourself a favor and fuck off	toxic
the idiotic arguments that i read here just make me shake my head	toxic
oh my just call them rock you idiots !	toxic
this is pure and utter crap !	toxic
they havent even got the balls to publish their blacklist .	toxic
as useless as a human rights and social justice lawyer masquerading as our minister of environment and climate change .	toxic
your protests are meaningless and pathetic at this point .	toxic
and yes , he was a dolt .	toxic
harper was great compared to this clown .	toxic
go take a hike , retard .	toxic
yo whatever i have on my shit leave it alone .	toxic
trump is a compulsive liar and malignant narcissist who serves only himself .	toxic
till then feel free to play your moronic tricks	toxic
this is why i gave up teaching , because of fucking retards like you !	toxic
he played you for fools .	toxic
this guy needs to get laid soon .	toxic
the miami relatives and little havana are crazy enough to do this .	toxic
everyone who has ever voted for her should be permanently disenfranchised and sterilized .	toxic
the really dumb electorate is right here how else to explain justin trudeau as pm ?	toxic
dumb comment , but he quickly recognized his mistake and corrected it .	toxic
you get what you voted for and mother nature has no mercy for fools !	toxic
so you can choose , fix your shit or we will fix your shit for you .	toxic
at least educate yourself before you show your ignorant envy to the world .	toxic
a shining beacon of ignorance .	toxic
what a useless clown this man is .	toxic
lets try being intelligent adults here and stop this juvenile crap .	toxic
this is what happens whens fools send a boy to do a mans job .	toxic
if you did you wouldnt be post such garbage .	toxic
i am startled by the assertion ththe american voters are just plain stupid .	toxic
waikiki is already destroyed what is a darn sign going to hurt at this point .	toxic
yet ignorant sheep like you ignore such reality .	toxic
i dont need to cite each and every fucking word .	toxic
white trash is hard to qualify with employers insurance companies .	toxic
of course i feel better not being exposed to filth , tripe and nonsense .	toxic
she was an absolute shrew on the stand !	toxic
then you will pay for learning how screwed up society actually is , not to mention corrupt .	toxic
just stop stealing our money and do you bloody job .	toxic
he is the worst mayor we have ever had !	toxic
they are the next generation of homeless trash .	toxic
you know this type of ignorant comment isnt helpful in the least .	toxic
no , i do not need a hug from a creepy little troll like you .	toxic
are the navigators asleep , or having sex , or something ?	toxic
not one mention of the word idiot .	toxic
trump was an embarrassment to the u	toxic
do what you do and shut up about it !	toxic
uber , pay your taxes like everybody else and shut up .	toxic
only stupid people would think that .	toxic
whats this crap about wishes ?	toxic
as most ( 70 ) of thinking people do not care what these narcissistic morons think .	toxic
some sickos on the left are already blaming trump .	toxic
these four lane county commissioners are rotten to the core .	toxic
im glad you clowns love the little power trip you get .	toxic
killing the innocent nearly born should be the very last choice .	toxic
your honestly an idiot if you think he will ever see light of day as a freeman again .	toxic
thats some stupid and hypocritical bullshit .	toxic
he is just one big black talker .	toxic
( not to mention idiots like pelosi .	toxic
you are sick in the head .	toxic
human beings are basically fuking idiots !	toxic
i think you are as dumb as a box of hammers and much less useful .	toxic
this is all so ridiculous .	toxic
go after criminals not plants idiots !	toxic
if you dont mind , i will just wallow in my own stupidity .	toxic
clicking on the link to this story makes me feel stupid .	toxic
canada got screwed as a pawn in this , and the eu let it happen .	toxic
and other way stupid stuff .	toxic
lindhouts mother , herself a victim of her daughters stupidity , is only revealing some very questionable rcmp tactics .	toxic
so theyre busy , busy , busy , trying to find a way to sneak their bullshit past us .	toxic
granted , he made some stupid throws but there is a lot more wrong with the offense than siemian .	toxic
sickening that so many people like this are roaming around freely in our society .	toxic
may i also add that youre a cock and you should find something better to do with your time .	toxic
hope they find them and hang em high .	toxic
this man clearly has deep psychiatric problems .	toxic
i have an excuse to get off my ass and put something on it now .	toxic
yah who do those filthy stinking evil rich people think they are giving away $ 2b ?	toxic
lets keep defense and the courts , and lose the rest of the garbage .	toxic
good shawn is a crook .	toxic
it is a stupid question at the outset !	toxic
i have as much disposable income as these other jerks .	toxic
no ones claiming the defendants dont have dumb tattoos .	toxic
you have cold dead hands .	toxic
what do you think about tillerson calling his boss a effing moron ?	toxic
and youre as smart as a big mouthed , small brained , juvenile .	toxic
poor people are loathsome fools that dont deserve any healthcare ever , right ?	toxic
oh those nasty wealthy , what are we at nowtaxation on them ?	toxic
so murkowski and sullivan have been scumbags for years .	toxic
you can always count on the ignorant to display their lack of knowledge .	toxic
youre fucked up , leave the god damn article alone .	toxic
you idea about offensive art is dumb and irrelevant .	toxic
time for a change in our tolerance for this trash .	toxic
that is a clear reference to your monster man , trump .	toxic
and then we have the real morons who think the punk who attacked the cop in ferguson was innocent .	toxic
its bad enough having that fool hholt1 doing it .	toxic
really other people have been harassing me like styrofoam1994 who called me a dick head .	toxic
so , whose the fool now ?	toxic
time for these clowns to retire .	toxic
get a clue before you make stupid comments .	toxic
the valley is a st hole of losers with most who are playing with a half pack of cards .	toxic
and i doubt the pathetic chinese navy could even beat the canadian navy .	toxic
they will regard him as a childish buffoon that has to be handle carefully .	toxic
dont you have a brain ?	toxic
play stupid games , this is what happens .	toxic
but you are okay with a mad man like assad using sarin gas on its own citizens .	toxic
theyre both megalomaniac jerks , among other things .	toxic
zuma didnt do all this on his own , he had the willing support of these clowns .	toxic
just look at the browns and the rest of their trash family .	toxic
the mentally deficient shmuck couldnt care less .	toxic
ppl posting why aint the trible doing this , doing that annoying fucks .	toxic
let him continue in this vein until he has enough rope to hang himself .	toxic
there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies and statistics .	toxic
maybe go back to prison chicken shit .	toxic
another useless thief exited from society .	toxic
only an idiot , and apparently the globe , would take a nik nanos poll at face value .	toxic
what a pathetic and immature perspective you have !	toxic
shows you how screwed up the catholic church is .	toxic
this piece of crap needs to be kept away from animals and the public in general .	toxic
youre an obscene person and you should be banned .	toxic
drumpfs deplorables think anyone who is not white is definitely illegal .	toxic
there is a reason europe is going to hell in a hand basket , good luck with that .	toxic
what happened to the function that allowed readers to ignore idiotic and offensive posters on gm comment boards ?	toxic
wtf is wrong with people ?	toxic
who gives a rats ass how fish and game is done now and then ?	toxic
you realize thats stupid , dont you ?	toxic
as ive said before youre an idiot .	toxic
any fool will be able to understand that one .	toxic
you know damn well i didnt do jack shit .	toxic
brown is essentially getting paid to abuse multiple women .	toxic
why the fuck do you hate me , butters is a main character .	toxic
quit hiding behind your little computer screen typing away like you know what your talking about you pathetic pansey !	toxic
you are a moronic trumponian mark wanted a true conservative candidate , which is not trump .	toxic
your comment is the dumb one .	toxic
why why why such dumb comments .	toxic
this guy is dumb as a post .	toxic
albert araklien : cant tell if your post is sarcasm or stupidity .	toxic
i guess the ontario liberals and alberta ndp share stupid ideas .	toxic
history is doomed to be repeated when fools like yourself ignore whats happening .	toxic
what a ridiculous , cruel bureaucratic joke .	toxic
your an antiamerican moron if you cant see what is happening here .	toxic
how can students of colour be expected to learn in such a toxic environment of white supremacy ?	toxic
just too bad there isnt some way to weed out the idiots .	toxic
you mean like denis coderre dumb ?	toxic
i dont give a shit about your rules .	toxic
when is near future for these clowns ?	toxic
how stupid was this guy to set up shop before the sale of pot becomes legal ?	toxic
sorry kelly , we dont want you or your filthy coal up here in canada .	toxic
who the boofhead are you fuck wit bainyrues	toxic
the three quarters of the electorate who didnt vote for these fools ?	toxic
he led an empty and pathetic life .	toxic
lets import the syrian rapists in germany first .	toxic
they are as homophobic as i am !	toxic
its true , part of browns penis was placed in victorias coffin .	toxic
i am sorry that you live next to a idiot .	toxic
get your lazy commie ass back here !	toxic
you cant buy everything on amazon many people would be too dumb to use it .	toxic
the saudi royalsbe stupid but i dont believe the saudis do not have good advisers .	toxic
party voters like ignorant puppets , and guess what ?	toxic
trump is a pile of garbage .	toxic
hes a killer , though , mr .	toxic
youre nothing to me motherfcker .	toxic
was it trumps fault that john podesta was dumb enough to bite on a fishing email ?	toxic
unfortunately , it will be hawaii that pays , not this fool .	toxic
you arent smart enough to understand humor .	toxic
don young , liar and scammer .	toxic
we are not totally stupid , we know she works for cnn .	toxic
just not some people , like this rich jerk .	toxic
the lot of them are not worthy of respect and should be driven from the communityent people .	toxic
the problem is that their management is so ridiculously incompetent .	toxic
your comment is disgusting , but more than that , its unchristian .	toxic
call it the final stupidity .	toxic
someone should tell this jackass that loose lips sink ships .	toxic
quite frankly people like you are dinosaurs with no vision .	toxic
this diseased sob needs to be silenced for all of eternity	toxic
again , more silly liberal games .	toxic
an armed society is a sick , dangerous , often accidentally shot society me .	toxic
that filthy little homewrecker has some nerve to cop such an attitude .	toxic
good luck wid dat you quer fuking homo .	toxic
its ignorance like yours that is a nightmare	toxic
hey , ipadperson , please try to keep fuck etc out of edit summaries .	toxic
lets educate another idiot libtard .	toxic
i know , im a horrible bigoted , murdering oppressor by right of birth .	toxic
he is corrupt which is unusual for a democrat .	toxic
oh ok fuck you asshole die im going to kill you	toxic
absolutely the most fucking horrible film ever .	toxic
after seeing shit like this i expected you to be some throwaway sock puppet .	toxic
and his parents are worse .	toxic
100,000 people paid money to watch this garbage .	toxic
they do the same with the clown .	toxic
yo ed , you are an infidel .	toxic
every vote for trump enabled a pervert .	toxic
my first thought was to fry all the people involved .	toxic
ignorant of the most basic aspects of canadian history .	toxic
lock up wynne before she throws away more money to cheats and professional beggars .	toxic
be a lying crook and get rewarded ( insert mulroneys picture ) .	toxic
the stupid one , not me	toxic
we were looking for a thuggish black man .	toxic
im a caucasian american and those cognitivelychallenged pointyheaded idiots do not in any way speak for me .	toxic
hey stop fking your mothr ! .	toxic
the bernie supporters are just thugs .	toxic
religion is crack cocain for the brain for those who cant afford the real thing .	toxic
rape is a sexual assault by any gender penis or no penis !	toxic
that being said , i think this is a stupid id .	toxic
jezz you people are really starting to look stupid now	toxic
but who has the authority to step up thats not involved in this ridiculous charade ?	toxic
i doubt trump was chosen by god to be anything but the clown he has proven to be .	toxic
one would be a moron not to .	toxic
that fatass chink from oz , phanatical , is ruining the reputation of your art .	toxic
the trump supporters are too stupid to understand this .	toxic
trump and his idiots are painting themselves into a corner .	toxic
big box stores like cabalas , sportsmans and bass pro are breeding grounds for such morons .	toxic
what say u william who the fuck do u think u are ?	toxic
because , through our education system and the media , we have been dazzled by bullshit .	toxic
ab : man , you are one sore loser !	toxic
trump most definitely is misogynistic .	toxic
i didnt vote for her because she is pure evil .	toxic
it will help with pain and inflammation but wont generate addiction issues or the dozystupid feeling of an opiate	toxic
please provide a source to support your silly , flimsy claim .	toxic
besides we had enough of the entitlement garbage from his predecessor	toxic
why should the taxpayers fund water rescue personnel while these fools put themselves and others at risk ? .	toxic
you clowns really need some lessons in reading comprehension along with logic and reason .	toxic
( gunshots ) now youre dead again !	toxic
who the fck put you in charge .	toxic
are you truly that moronic , peter ? .	toxic
only a fool asks why muslims hate us .	toxic
only faggots and dumb housewives use macs .	toxic
pick up a history book sometime , and read the damn thing .	toxic
he is a bad man !	toxic
no , lunatics doesnt quite capture the problem .	toxic
you are clearly an immature jerk .	toxic
and people will die because of this mans ineptitude .	toxic
what a bunch of cowards and bums .	toxic
you dont get it : clowns like jacobson believe citizen and white are synonyms .	toxic
get off your ass and jump into the future .	toxic
tim : hell do you up a treat , mate .	toxic
you remind me of several liberal neurotics who have said : youre just trying to confuse me with facts .	toxic
the dirty voters can see their abandonment .	toxic
who listens to this brain dead loser nowadays ?	toxic
this is mine , why the hell are you worried about mine you piece of shit !	toxic
that should provide a pretty good idea of who the real fool is .	toxic
no matter how old we get i can still kick your ass with a weapon .	toxic
the clueless buffoon continues his revealing of his absolute stupidity .	toxic
what a stupid time to close drilling in the arctic .	toxic
you are hypocrites to lie about him now as an excuse for trump .	toxic
tis one arrogant , useless twit .	toxic
and his idiot voters gave this trash the nuclear codes .	toxic
he has always answered like an idiot even during the last olympics .	toxic
harris and miller are just to dumb to like .	toxic
theres junk food sold all over the damn world .	toxic
does excessive pot consumption make you stupid ? .	toxic
and many of you fools idolize them .	toxic
trump has no smarts , and thats what bothers most people .	toxic
she is such a lying scum bag .	toxic
the media are playing us for fools .	toxic
trump easily revealed her as a crooked liar again and again with laughter and applause .	toxic
these people are nothing but wastes .	toxic
heck , some people even voted a sexual predator into the white house .	toxic
well said and damn right !	toxic
the fools running the city of eugene give fools a bad name .	toxic
thats an insult to both snakes and scum .	toxic
and your assertion that only muslims use the term god willing is beyond laughable .	toxic
what part of being a nut has to do with her sex ?	toxic
the hypocrisy in your statement is impressive .	toxic
like other psychotic leaders of the past century , trump deserves to be hated .	toxic
the only extremist i see on this blog is you !	toxic
and we elected these clowns .	toxic
oh yeah , they are also complete losers .	toxic
back to your nation hole .	toxic
donald trump says taxes are for stupid people .	toxic
how can any man or woman identify with such a despicable human as worthy of their vote !	toxic
youve still lost your fucking mind .	toxic
totally unbelievable like most of the garbage and unsupported comments you spew forth .	toxic
you socialists are the worst life form and well below algea when it comes to anything constuctive	toxic
except trump has no real idea about whats at stake because hes an idiot .	toxic
shes kind of stupid too .	toxic
much better use of the money than some of this idiocy .	toxic
go to 5 major cities in britain where you cant walk because you are white .	toxic
read the sign : report these losers .	toxic
good thing you are blocked you fucking scumbag	toxic
i propose we blow taps on the bugle , and shut that old stupid pipeline down asap .	toxic
can you not find anything more important to do , like killing yourself ?	toxic
trump supporters are a basket of deplorables .	toxic
this lou dawson sounds a little dopey , to be honest .	toxic
my mums a big old dirty roadwhore	toxic
he was turkish and claiming the opposite in ignorant wiki racist pedia will not change this .	toxic
the way to win in that place is to seriously bust some heads .	toxic
and thats still a crap shoot .	toxic
if you are a communist and marxis you follow a dead white mans ideas .	toxic
u think this is some kind of stupid game ?	toxic
you still missed like half the shit ive changed .	toxic
people get lost or stranded because they are stupid .	toxic
i cant believe he cant see how stupid and damaging this is to his presidency and his causes .	toxic
quit posting idiotic comments and i wont respond .	toxic
migawd , the hypocrisy of liberals knows no bounds .	toxic
i dont think hes that dumb but the jury is out .	toxic
what a dunce harper was .	toxic
they think we are stupid .	toxic
even without muslims they only haverapes a minute and a murder everyminutes .	toxic
nobody is forcing the players to protest , but someone is forcing them to listen to a crap song .	toxic
youre hurting m grahams widdle hypocritical , racist feewings by pointing out reality .	toxic
more sore losers on the left .	toxic
peterson is so grossly unqualified to hold a seat in congress its ridiculous .	toxic
because they knew how dangerous and stupid it was to carry a gun around in public .	toxic
i cant believe other ignorant fools voted for him .	toxic
he and the socialist media are frantic to brainwash people to accept this nonsense .	toxic
they are nothing more than treasonous communists .	toxic
why are we even talking about this crap now ?	toxic
the clown prince of pennsylvania ave .	toxic
in case you are wondering you racist i am a jacobite assyrian .	toxic
i am not looking out for my fellow man whose head is up his arse in his phone .	toxic
i would characterize you as a miser .	toxic
she sounds like an idiot .	toxic
certainly most leafs fans wont because they are bigtime sucks !	toxic
you and your pig friends should consider themselves lucky .	toxic
look you imbecile , the round for the ar15 is pretty close to the .	toxic
the mother should be thrown in a jail cell and throw away the key .	toxic
neo giving yourself a thumbs up makes you a fool .	toxic
because he is incompetent and cant do the math .	toxic
osp is bunch of unprofessional assholes .	toxic
cheetolini and his supporters are dirtbags .	toxic
you people that support her disgust me !	toxic
by the way , i didnt call you trash , i called your writing trash talk .	toxic
cant believe youd publish this kind of drivel .	toxic
unreal the imbeciles are more concerned about the wall that mexico is supposed to pay for than health care .	toxic
i know its sad that nasty lying hiliary couldnt seize power in the u	toxic
based on this report from the wapo , those dirty wily republicans are at it again .	toxic
the pc did and have a credible platform , its the ignorant that didnt want to accept the reality !	toxic
good bye and good riddance you loser .	toxic
transgender women are not going to hurt you or your children .	toxic
allie is the most ignorant fake news spewer on this board !	toxic
after people pay xcels guaranteed profit margin , whats a few bucks for some stupid commericals ?	toxic
they are practically twins and equally dullwitted .	toxic
think what you want but the fact is that hes a nut case .	toxic
daily maverick , why do you publish this rubbish ?	toxic
president trump should be applauded for refusing to sign this ridiculous statement .	toxic
but we can call an idiot an idiot .	toxic
youre asking to be reprimanded , dumbass .	toxic
i guess these guys are idiots , too , huh ?	toxic
dumbest damn idea i ever heard .	toxic
fuck off you little prick .	toxic
and now wesuffer since trump is a dotard with delusions that he is some kind of diety .	toxic
only in ignorant minds are assault weapons considered repulsive .	toxic
islamophobia what a garbage term .	toxic
this is pathetic that shes forced to handle donalds problems .	toxic
wwow wake up idiot , we already have a grid that goes from coast to coast connecting provinces !	toxic
yet its the liberals taking away freedoms loser	toxic
haha , well just wait till im unblocked , cause once i am this useless shit is going off .	toxic
stop being an ignorant deluded too , gary .	toxic
paul scott isnt an idiot .	toxic
saunders classic : start with a freakin ridiculous premise and keep digging .	toxic
this is a really stupid bill .	toxic
the guy is an idiot and why on earth would google want someone that stupid working for them .	toxic
he doesnt even understand or recognize his own nonsense .	toxic
lots of hypocrites complaining about trump but not saying anything about the krook	toxic
what a load of conservative trash talk relying on scare tactics	toxic
you are blowing things out of proportion because you obviously have nothing else to do than be a bully .	toxic
ill continue to comment on your pointless posts .	toxic
the huskies will no longer be top dog but just your average bitch .	toxic
i am in the hands of fools in this place .	toxic
well , they are sore losers , no question about it .	toxic
trumpstweets should be hysterical since the narcissistic buffoon has no sense of humor .	toxic
geez kiszla , youre about as tone deaf as the broncos .	toxic
trump never mentions that as he lies to his ignorant voters .	toxic
i like petas mission but they are ignorant when it comes to the iditarod and .	toxic
a sociopathic idiot is trying to reassure us .	toxic
i dont see it as biased at all she made herself look foolish with her own tweets .	toxic
difference between a bonafide accident versus one borne from negligence and stupidity .	toxic
lol you idiot , you blocked dakotakahn for my vandalism scorepoint for myg0t !	toxic
far more surprising to me was the percentage of straight people who have admitted to having anal sex .	toxic
these ungrateful koreans needs to feel the pain under kim uns rule !	toxic
the idiocy of the legislature continues .	toxic
it is really hard to fix stupid , especially your ignorant comment .	toxic
goodale good at taking orders from fools .	toxic
hell go back to crazytown withinhours .	toxic
you are going to die no matter if you do drugs or not .	toxic
illegal immigrants stupid taxpayers and bleeding heart liberal endowments pick up the tab .	toxic
doosh doosh doosh doosh doosh fucking cock sucker queir bate ass wipe dont tell me what the fuck to write	toxic
a left wing loser spews the usual talking point bs .	toxic
as a misogynist caught on tape boasting about sexually preying on women .	toxic
maybe blacks should be thankful for their good fortune !	toxic
at least read the article before making silly comments .	toxic
one way or another , the junk between someones legs is the most important thing in the world .	toxic
del mastro was a convicted liar and mentioning him is as cogent as mentioning monsef .	toxic
u r major ass hole .	toxic
but really folks , if you believe what saunders is writing , you are being played for fools .	toxic
what a scab you are .	toxic
trump is a self centered buffoon with zero experience on how a democracy works .	toxic
i always find it pathetic people like you write these comments .	toxic
that is the most pathetic excuse for an economics lecture ive ever heard .	toxic
the catholic church is more welcoming of the unrepentant , serial rapist than a married homosexual .	toxic
she would have been a hit if she was an orphan .	toxic
and guess what dick , its liberals who have been exposing the big conspiracy .	toxic
being a dick must be yours .	toxic
without a doubt the most utterly ridiculous statement by a writer that ive read in some time .	toxic
tom harrisons a gy bitch .	toxic
crazy uncle joe is calling the president bizarre is like harvey weinstein calling yoda a pervert .	toxic
when the dick stops giving milk you can switch to a different dick .	toxic
trump is evil and a narcissistic manipulator .	toxic
and seira club is anti black .	toxic
you know , when trump says or writes something that is incredibly idiotic , rude , incorrect , etc .	toxic
good shooting officers by eliminating the scumbag coward criminal from our society .	toxic
the captain maroney thing is entertaining to a point but they actually believe that shit .	toxic
despicable piece of trash that should be banned from this country after all the damage he caused !	toxic
dang , now i have to actually read silly crap to post .	toxic
a great win for sergio about damn time , too !	toxic
kind of like the stupidity of electing repubs to congress .	toxic
ive always contended alcohol makes you stupid !	toxic
another sore loser whining i didnt get my own way !	toxic
the original draft was pure crap and i said so .	toxic
its not about deer hunting , that is a stupid .	toxic
have a good life living in your ignorant illusion of how good it was for them black folk .	toxic
it is simply stupid to ignore evidence , particularly when the stakes are large .	toxic
but of course the direction isnt for fixing , it for repeal and replace with crap .	toxic
he is a babbling idiot !	toxic
worst of all he is a whiner loser .	toxic
kids these days are so fucking stupid and mainstream .	toxic
you never tire of posting stupid comments .	toxic
these clowns forget who they work for : the public .	toxic
pitiful choice scalia was a hypocrite !	toxic
some people are just plain stupid .	toxic
cant wait for the usual idiots to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem .	toxic
i think the reality of the matter is that the deceased was born with a penis .	toxic
i blame the idiot victims , who pick up china as a destination .	toxic
someone remind this idiot senator that we are still at war with north korea .	toxic
the idiots are a minority .	toxic
try these important things and maybe you wont be such a sucker motherfucker : .	toxic
this new picture of the undertaker in the ring sucks .	toxic
can we just delete this fucking section ?	toxic
now the damn government is involved which always leads to problems	toxic
does the white moron house get informed when its edited ?	toxic
but , thats exactly what a couple of you idiots have made it out to be .	toxic
are you that dumb you cant figure it out ?	toxic
careful , youre showing your liberal stupidity .	toxic
polite pov bullshit trumps accurate , evidencebased editing with pointed commentary .	toxic
the sad thing is theyre too stupid to know theyre stupid .	toxic
the stupid was particularly strong in the commentary you reference .	toxic
do even the dumbest of the dumb think that this had no affect on donald trump winning the presidency ?	toxic
darn , we have to deal with almostyears from kirkys clown grinning pal .	toxic
im still waiting for trump to apologize to all the titties of the world .	toxic
we have the dumbest kids in thestates .	toxic
he is a scary maniac with a psychopath attitude .	toxic
this private sector complaint is quite pathetic .	toxic
nice , this time you made a dumb assumption just about me instead of a whole group of people .	toxic
never underestimate the staggering hypocrisy of liberals that is only exceeded by their shameless intellectual bankruptcy .	toxic
the penguins were foolish to think that trump would not spin their visit to his own ends .	toxic
turn on your hypocrisy detectors .	toxic
why did you remove my edit , you cancer ridden cunt .	toxic
the premise these forests are not forests is profound stupidity taken to an art form .	toxic
it so exposes you all for what you are , hypocrites .	toxic
i write an article and you try and delete it , get a life you loser .	toxic
trudeau is a total joke as a leader .	toxic
if you dont like that then quit your complaining about the stupid commute .	toxic
the chinese are not stupid people .	toxic
there you go again little troll , itsme .	toxic
dont just throw shit out that is unverifiable because it casts doubt on anything else you say my friend .	toxic
last i looked the bum population is growing out of control like a bunch of rats .	toxic
stop with your then you admit crap .	toxic
accidents and gridlock will follow these fools wherever they go .	toxic
nor should anyone else who now have to live in fear of muslim terrorism .	toxic
between her and dalton youd think it would make liberals angry they look like idiots .	toxic
really asinine comment bout billy beane .	toxic
my lame arse gut says sloter is talented and deserves a chance .	toxic
they dont care what he actually does , as long as white men benefit .	toxic
nobody old dies healthy ( idiot )	toxic
fucking useless turd of a country .	toxic
too much hate and prejudice just another moron .	toxic
china needs a swift kick up the butt and to stop stealing from the west .	toxic
im pretty sure idiotic irresponsible behavior goes across party lines .	toxic
impeach this lying weasel now !	toxic
this kind of crap is disgusting beyond words .	toxic
he and his sewer rats have no place in politics .	toxic
sorry , dumbest comment of the day has already been awarded , comrade .	toxic
this despite being surrounded by stupid gop cracker boxes .	toxic
if we evil whitey dont go , watch , or care .	toxic
just the looks of her is revolting .	toxic
seems like the orange clown has a credibility issue , even in your own party .	toxic
this is one huge false narrative created by sore losers in the evil democrat ( fascist ) party .	toxic
crap like this is very much an indication that things are going very , very wrong .	toxic
ive said it before only a complete dolt would vote for don young and he continually proves me right .	toxic
the meme used idiotic measures .	toxic
hire one government monkey and fire two ! .	toxic
all she has to do is smile and keep her cool with slobbering old wrinkled hubby .	toxic
very good overturn of a ridiculous jury decision .	toxic
just another lazy liberal entitled to his entitlements .	toxic
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a ridiculous comment ?	toxic
you dont see women lying in wait or going to a workplace to kill their exes .	toxic
the premise of diversity being a good thing is stupid and has no logical foundation .	toxic
omg , stephens is so silly .	toxic
what kind of rat hole do these monsters come from ?	toxic
they always take the same old stinky bait .	toxic
doc james ia a liar .	toxic
what a stupid rating system this site has .	toxic
can you imagine syria with those lunatics in power .	toxic
the man who will now ( i hope ) ban the cnn idiots from the wh press room .	toxic
moron met the civility threshold .	toxic
what a stupid comment from a prime minister of canada : this clearly shows that he isnt ready .	toxic
being soft with lynchs injury was stupid , ending kellys season on ir was stupid .	toxic
what a shallow , opportunistic fool .	toxic
you appear more irrational , unhinged and ridiculous with each post .	toxic
that is not a friggen hat , it s called a cover you idiots .	toxic
somehow the state found the funding to be stupidly tough on crime .	toxic
lets repeat and remember , stupid is what stupid thinks ( and says ) .	toxic
there is no s in fifa its football you dunce	toxic
objecting to their idiocy is no sin .	toxic
they both suck , not a single democrat or republican incumbent deserves to be reelected .	toxic
the problem is people here are too caught up up in bougie bullshit to enjoy simplicity .	toxic
reading a well written piece about an extraordinary individual and not having a bunch of idiots comment on it .	toxic
what was the fool thinking ?	toxic
you cant fix stupid and entitled .	toxic
52 , proving you dont have to be poor to be white trash .	toxic
it is too bad the us has to deal with this many fools .	toxic
trump could likely be an okayish president but he keeps doing stupid crap like this .	toxic
kathleen kearon again you talk when you should just shut up !	toxic
sadly , this happened this year and we got king donald the idiot .	toxic
pretty cowardly of you to track me down while hiding your real name , motley .	toxic
theres a big difference between intelligent debate and stupid gibberish .	toxic
this village idiot needs a long stay in the gitmo asylum .	toxic
darn right the liberals dont really like choice .	toxic
this has nothing to do with the article , but i fucking love paul millers late show .	toxic
the only sad thing , is that this moron weinstein got away with it for so long .	toxic
almost everything i hear coming from the left is irrational , petulant .	toxic
in fact he is pretty stupid .	toxic
geraldine , your feeble mind has failed you .	toxic
bouchard has more brains than kournikova .	toxic
kfgd dave steiren likes to open his bigot mouth and blast across the airwaves , referring to alcoholics .	toxic
do some fucking research before you remove my shit .	toxic
once again how much would you raise the pax rate to drive out the foreign devils ?	toxic
wikipedia friends family and bastards .	toxic
calling someone ngger is free expression too .	toxic
kill that fat yobo before he hurts anybody .	toxic
dont worry , you will get your pathetic criminal president and obama will simply commute her sentence .	toxic
i despise everything about you , and i wish you would go away .	toxic
shut the hell up you idiot mentally ill child !	toxic
what kind of teacher or instructor makes you watch a stupid video ?	toxic
that cretin shouldnt even had her sentenced reduced in the least .	toxic
damn right it takes time .	toxic
youre just being foolishly prideful .	toxic
you are insane , pathetic truly pathetic .	toxic
fire those two totalitarians now .	toxic
the most pathetic president in history is getting desperate .	toxic
i dont think kim is a total idiot .	toxic
first off there is no concrete evidence that alexander liked it up the butt .	toxic
he dont care what happens to blacks .	toxic
youre not even able to use fucking google , can you .	toxic
i think you mean the spoiled child narcissist who always needs his ego stroked .	toxic
mind your own business , you troll .	toxic
yeah , a walmart full of shoppers pulling their sidearms to shoot the person with a sidearm .	toxic
trudeau is the mediocre candidate .	toxic
the dominate cultures bad for having forced them ignorant natives to go to school .	toxic
its a pity politicians have to be scum suckers .	toxic
only a fool believes there is no god .	toxic
does the navy just think that we are stupid ? .	toxic
wtf is wrong with you people ?	toxic
great way to demonstrate the spirit of spreading knowledge , by blocking people for stupid reasons !	toxic
how dare you remove messages that i post on my talk page you wanker .	toxic
not exactly brainiacs , more like braindead .	toxic
but trump is known to be a shameless opportunist .	toxic
quit vandalizing the george bush page you stupid liberal .	toxic
the people who cruelly criticize you are ignorant and emotional .	toxic
mr kamkar , stupidbe legal but it is still enough to put you out of your job .	toxic
trump is a toxic nightmare for america	toxic
cereal has no damn gender .	toxic
president trump , who is an imbecile , had no idea what was in the bill being discussed .	toxic
he is sick , vile and disgusting .	toxic
and by the way , junior , your liberal dementia , eg deluded stupidity , is wrong yet again .	toxic
or maybe youre just an idiot .	toxic
paul ryan is an utter fool	toxic
now the oil soaked clowns know youre weak .	toxic
conditions change so we should change too , clinging to old and outdated policies seem awfully stupid .	toxic
i hope they make it zero so all the losers leave the state and be done with it .	toxic
thanks for handling this idiot .	toxic
this is totally sick and perverted behavior by one and all who commit this type of behavior .	toxic
a chump that supports a criminal !	toxic
this dimwit carried a lot of viewers from his man show days .	toxic
all else in your stupid response is nothing except wild ranting without intelligence or logic .	toxic
kesey made a good effort but a stupid movie ruined sometimes a great notion for me .	toxic
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this crap started .	toxic
i travel alot and the america portrayed by the fearmongering idiots is not the america that is out there .	toxic
law enforcement officials are hypocritical scofflaws .	toxic
and these fools were going to take that off molokai to assist in the search ?	toxic
tv news is garbage , stop watching it .	toxic
time magazine is evidently not impressed with his antics and went with the lesser fool .	toxic
quit being stupid : vote cpc .	toxic
you would understand if you had arse face haemorrhoids !	toxic
no mr pitts we saw hillary as a corrupt ultra liberal and we have had enough of that crap .	toxic
move back to alabama you hick .	toxic
hes a sick , fascist , white supremacist traitor .	toxic
goes to show , even the ugly ones can be pretty good smoothtalkers .	toxic
you will excuse us if we see this all as a little foolish	toxic
people like shapiro and antifa are media whores who will do anything to get their names in the paper .	toxic
i love it when people make these stupid arguments to try to rally around people like roy moore .	toxic
soo caring , soo sensitive , soo stupid .	toxic
this piece of revolting orange trash is attempting to use federal law enforcement agencies to spread propaganda .	toxic
i do agree with the judges decision even though this guy is a moron .	toxic
ah , but he a vacuous hypocrite with a trust fund .	toxic
the only person to blame is the sick piece of trash that pulled the trigger .	toxic
most people understand trumps comments for what they were the whining of a sore loser .	toxic
got a link for that , troll ? .	toxic
if you vote for any of these clowns you are what they are .	toxic
what is a stupid act ?	toxic
a proven racist and misogynist that now will be on the payroll of the taxpayers of alberta .	toxic
barnum , were right : theres a sucker born every minute .	toxic
yup , cause black men never deal with stereo types about having too many children .	toxic
since you are taught from a book that was written by a moron you become one .	toxic
now both of you can kindly f ( k off .	toxic
i will remove this pathetic scum myself .	toxic
trump has swamped the swamp with his corrupt inner circle .	toxic
another example of stupidity with licensing boards is the portland area barber .	toxic
with all due respect the general is too honorable a man to be a part of idiots st sandwich .	toxic
get out my talk page you smelling wog !	toxic
there are lots of idiot leaf fans , make no mistake .	toxic
lets get this straight its a damn car !	toxic
i dont know which column is more useless this one or financial face lift .	toxic
so if the elected representative is truly stupid enough good things do happen to democrats .	toxic
they are corrupt , they do abominable deeds .	toxic
how does all this crap add up ?	toxic
fire these idiots and save a lotey .	toxic
at least hes not a puy grabbin liar , like the president .	toxic
this will make the antigovernment militia clowns even more paranoid .	toxic
some people are really stupid .	toxic
klinton lost because she is a major bitch and joe average figured that out quickly .	toxic
i was so shocked , and the entire area smelled like dog crap .	toxic
you god damn republicans are something else .	toxic
all the rest of your arguments and allegations are just as full of crap as you are .	toxic
this is a ridiculous point of view .	toxic
what a stupid idea for us .	toxic
trump is nothing but a big pussy bag liar .	toxic
legalize the blasted stuff and treat it as the health issue that it is .	toxic
amazing to me intelligent peoples idiot mentality .	toxic
your fight for the emasculated white male is pathetic .	toxic
the idiots have taken over .	toxic
so many anal people on this site .	toxic
then you instruct me to carry out a sexual act on your person .	toxic
ill assume youre just a knee jerk all government is bad and wasteful robot .	toxic
and in my opinon you are crazy !	toxic
only an overpriced rail system , what a bunch of donkeys !	toxic
napping is just too nice a description for this government , which is far out stupid and inept .	toxic
we are proud of our president and you , we find you to be a total disgrace !	toxic
the us is going to be led by an ignoramus no amount of wishful thinking will change that .	toxic
so fuck you for suppressing that , you fascists	toxic
thanks for being a gigantic idiot .	toxic
im getting sick of all this partisan politics crap .	toxic
their false narrative worshipping criminals like trayvtin and michael brown is disgusting .	toxic
this guy aint stupid , he knows a good thing when he sees it .	toxic
trump is an idiot , that is a certainty .	toxic
that is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard .	toxic
yet , we blame trump for their ineptness .	toxic
he can run but that loud mouth ranting lunatic cant hide .	toxic
so , their supports ass ume the roll and they go berserk .	toxic
i only hope your ridiculous posts are corrected soon .	toxic
how did you get to be so obtuse ?	toxic
lets start with you , you illiberal fascist !	toxic
it doesnt get any more stupid than that .	toxic
i was just wondering if youre fucking retarded .	toxic
anybody like that dumbass theme park from cedar fair ?	toxic
it is this kind of silly thinking that makes you look bad .	toxic
doing nothing is better then doing something stupid .	toxic
and people actually voted for this moron ?	toxic
another bible thumping holier than thou hypocrite got exposed .	toxic
her point was the sponsors of thein washington are a bunch of crude , crass , vile individuals .	toxic
now hes just another liar like his boss .	toxic
just deport the democrats and the snowflakes .	toxic
you gop robots are so ignorant !	toxic
you are a piece of crap and dont know how to use a computer .	toxic
why waste our time and money on your idiotic law .	toxic
man let me edit the damn pink spiders page .	toxic
if mccain likes him we know he sucks .	toxic
stop fuckin wit me goddamn it !	toxic
anyone with half a brain can see how you trash would take his full speech completely out of context .	toxic
the guy perpetually makes notley look ridiculous .	toxic
one for white people and another for blacks .	toxic
trump is the result of a thoroughly corrupt democratic party .	toxic
frankly , i think this jerk took lessons from bill gates .	toxic
let any fuck face try to infringe on my rights , and youll meet my rifle .	toxic
probably the same folks who are terrified by the existence of gay people .	toxic
how dare you support calling women bitchy and moody , dumbass .	toxic
the party is full of cowards , liars , thieves , and murderers .	toxic
and all the rest are damned .	toxic
i think any one of any party who hides from their constituents is a complete coward and a disgrace .	toxic
to vote , we are a truly pathetic society .	toxic
terry stahlman is a worthless piece of human excrement !	toxic
i think trump is more like a weasel than a fox .	toxic
the only people more frightening than these cowards are people like you .	toxic
the only time i use the lack of service record against any president is when hes an idiot .	toxic
you see , some men are learning something from feminists : how to nag whine .	toxic
no foul , no infringement on the stupid making the outrageous and bigoted claims .	toxic
trudeau can now be seen for the muppet he is , and canadians will not reelect a muppet .	toxic
rwl thinks trump tweets like a drunken idiot .	toxic
in every school there are vicious bullies like this kid .	toxic
just proves these appraisers dont know what the frick they doing .	toxic
their parents have turned them into brats not worthyriage .	toxic
joe miller is certifiably insane .	toxic
dont you just wish you had a gun on you .	toxic
yes , ive been a republican for almostyears and i will proudly be voting for that nasty woman !	toxic
who said shes privilege because shes black , the kk ?	toxic
please stop being an ass thank you .	toxic
and this punk kid comes and kills it .	toxic
this game is rigged , and canada is the loser .	toxic
everyone in trumps orbit steps in shit .	toxic
is this the stupidity the dems have come to ?	toxic
youve been reverted , so fuck ya back .	toxic
, man your stupidity never ends from the left .	toxic
saying gib arnold did better really shows what a delusional and despicable individual you are .	toxic
your hypocrisy is just amazing .	toxic
mental midgets think that the chain saw is the only answer to forest health .	toxic
tell that guy to do something and hed stonewall your ass til the cows came home .	toxic
for instance anyone who believes in the tenants of their organization cult worship are mentally ill .	toxic
he makes $ 220k for a side job , besides being an incompetent mayor .	toxic
suck it up and try some poutine	toxic
this idea of just stacking things into legislation is stupid and ends up with government shutdowns .	toxic
first , we get rid of the grabber , then well worry about the next clown on the bus .	toxic
wait till they do something stupid , then obliterate them .	toxic
trump is unquestionably incompetent , dishonest , and lacking in basic intelligence .	toxic
paraphrasing dean wormer , smug and stupid is no way to go through life .	toxic
if you hold a knife against the cops you deserve to be shot !	toxic
different for the sake of an election promis is stupid when it comes to national defence .	toxic
soon men wont bother with women , they will become gay by choice .	toxic
you are the one that looks silly .	toxic
let me help the lefties go even more nutty .	toxic
i wonder if any of the bishops would be called stupid for asking that question in the deliberations .	toxic
if you touch one white child we will make your life a living hell .	toxic
stupid state government , who is he tied to ?	toxic
if any of this true , hear indians should be strung up and hung out to dry .	toxic
the demonizing of the south is stupid .	toxic
well , shortly after becoming an irishman , i was attacked by two fucking muslims .	toxic
yes , bill clinton was a pig .	toxic
it was the usual gutless pieces of garbage who would bend over for a cigarette at a moments notice .	toxic
if you dont have experience in this arena then youre an ignorant commenter .	toxic
wow delusional , narcissistic and now paranoid .	toxic
and thereby , i trap you , my pretty little dumb flower .	toxic
with many more to come no doubt , bc is being overtaken by idealistic imbeciles .	toxic
of course , the only majority loser dem is clinton .	toxic
somebody better tell the asians and indians that they are too dumb to grasp all those heady math concepts !	toxic
i dont like my gci bill either but damn !	toxic
either you are blind or stupid	toxic
amazing how easy it is to point out how stupid trump voters are .	toxic
lw1 , you are a predator and need to walk out of this familys life forever .	toxic
you shouldnt talk if youre ignorant .	toxic
so incredibly childish and pathetic !	toxic
that was a mistake the stupid asses at funimation made , bardock was never a scientist .	toxic
i also expect people like you to run like intellectually bankrupt coward when confronted with your staggering ignorant hypocrisy .	toxic
the world will be much better off without filth like you in it .	toxic
its really junk reporting rationalization in print .	toxic
they would have taken out every bad guy holding a gun .	toxic
same silly statement every time theres a bear attack .	toxic
he hasnt violated anything except a bunch of whiny , idiotic , democrat losers .	toxic
mantashe is a disgusting bladder of toxic gas .	toxic
youre definitely back on my really stupid list .	toxic
prayformojo i know your other account is westernpatriot , you are a horrid person for stalking .	toxic
the machine along with their small cadre of useful idiots carried the day .	toxic
im an old guy but ill pound you into dirt	toxic
khan behaved like a thug and was answered in kind .	toxic
trump is nothing but a weak and insecure white supremacist .	toxic
robert kraft is obviously just a piece of trash himself .	toxic
its a public display of his ineptness .	toxic
hes a jerk and a weasel .	toxic
i simply stated sick little kids should be put down .	toxic
trumps various idiocies and inane proclamations are likely going to be sorely dismayed .	toxic
when are the liberals going to kill the gst ?	toxic
tell us again american enviro idiots how were ruining the world ?	toxic
the rebel has no respect for idiots .	toxic
security , could you show this poor , squeakyvoiced clown out ? .	toxic
its a pity hes such an obnoxious braggart of a man .	toxic
better we all be neutered , wear jump suits and shave our heads .	toxic
politicians and businessmen called this clown unfit and woefully unprepared to be president .	toxic
if you have the balls , and still serve i corp , meet me sometime .	toxic
there is no cure for stuck on stupid .	toxic
so lets cut the crap .	toxic
some nice stories but from what ive seen most of the homeless are just lazy losers .	toxic
adults make stupid decisions , and the children suffer the most .	toxic
everybody tell me again how stupid i am to run studded tires .	toxic
these kids in comment section are mass media brain washed dummies .	toxic
silly boy , those horses are not meant to be ridden .	toxic
and those stupid free rides to a texas county seat where free id .	toxic
he wasyears old and a public figure old enough to know not to say stupid things .	toxic
these morons have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .	toxic
my tesla shares are sucking .	toxic
poor little sicko allaha still thinks its ok to discriminate against gay people .	toxic
this idea that the press can do no wrong is rubbish .	toxic
he is equally as stupid and determined to show his power regardless of the outcome .	toxic
everyone else is a fool , but certainly not me .	toxic
this kind of nonsense we get from these clowns .	toxic
shame on the fools who are turning their backs on the rape and torture of children .	toxic
this is perhaps the stupidest comment i have ever read .	toxic
you are quite frankly an ignorant bigot	toxic
canada has disgraced itself as a pathetic joke among our allies .	toxic
these drunk dunces have no idea in hell what cartoon quality is all about !	toxic
what i should do is ignore ignorant people who make ignorant stereotyped comments .	toxic
these losers have a bunch of bad publicity .	toxic
i got stupider by reading this article .	toxic
just give it some time before you make stupid comments about how we are not paying all the bills .	toxic
the idiocy is yours in the way you portray obama .	toxic
we are not as stupid as you think we are .	toxic
well you dont have to pay for stupid shopping bags in springfield .	toxic
has trump trolled any black or brown people on twitter this morning ?	toxic
why do they do this kind of crap .	toxic
some of these morons think your comment is funny ?	toxic
go fuck yourself , im out .	toxic
if what the are saying is true that means many of our fellow canadians are simply stupid .	toxic
you are also a liar since i hardly spoke with you .	toxic
most pedestrians are so ignorant that they dont care .	toxic
leave us awful liberals alone .	toxic
that is your legacy , that you really suck as person and you got caught .	toxic
robo advisors are a lot of crap .	toxic
im in a school you bitch fuck .	toxic
so pathetic cant even getfree tacos from jack in the box .	toxic
time to throw these bums out of office	toxic
i dont appreciate your fucking condescension .	toxic
joanna slater is a liar .	toxic
there were rumors back inabout this idiot and after watching the ignorant voters put him in office .	toxic
the man spews nothing but excrement from his stinking swamp and proclaims himself president .	toxic
hes a compulsive liar and a fraud .	toxic
and why would the republicans be so stupid as to not secure their information properly ? .	toxic
short sighted and incompetent politicians have destroyed this island !	toxic
you can see the result as the economy lurches from one stupid idea to the next .	toxic
thank you for clearly demonstrating your lack of a functioning brain to everybody glenn .	toxic
our police departments and the cops who work in them all of them are rotten to the core !	toxic
one thing that never fails to amaze me is the hypocrisy of those on the left .	toxic
ffs these people are stupid .	toxic
how dare you make up this garbage .	toxic
im starting to think repubs are a bunch of soft , scared brats .	toxic
i will blow the hell out of you chinese stupid bullshit psychos	toxic
fire the entire board , tear up the chatter , and get rid of them .	toxic
what in the fuck are you referring too .	toxic
what a bunch of cowards .	toxic
you exemplify the stupidity and ignorance of the western left .	toxic
its stupid and i just ignore you	toxic
sorry pathetic lefties but trump will be a two term president ! .	toxic
the state is a boatload of fools for letting her go .	toxic
dont play dumb , jay edward !	toxic
spoken like a true hatemongering , hypocrital trump supporter with zero insight into his own behavior .	toxic
you need to stop putting your sucking thumb in light sockets , your brain is getting fried .	toxic
the whole antivaxxer thing is beyond idiotic .	toxic
great i am a double trash , since i am catholic beside !	toxic
useless politicians give no tools or authority to hpd .	toxic
your abuse of admin tools is pathetic and cowardly .	toxic
chinese and italians and brazilians and eskimos do it and , they all say fk in english .	toxic
you voters that put this fool in office are now getting your reward .	toxic
i have never known a girl to be as sensitive as this clown .	toxic
they should all be whipped and quartered !	toxic
the state of alaska has been merely sucking tapsteet ever since .	toxic
you really believe obama lied more than habitual liar , and national embarrassment trump ?	toxic
so why would anyone believe this moron ?	toxic
then people will know how truly dumb you really are .	toxic
its an affront to civilization itself , and this clownbeast claims to represent the right side of history ?	toxic
dont be sending that trash to hell with the rest of us cool people .	toxic
you are making yourself look a fool , denigrating my service in the us army .	toxic
if you cant , you all have to admit what yuge hypocrites you are .	toxic
skin colour sic , etc are superficial differences lol tell that to the angry white supremacists ! .	toxic
trump is a cancer to humanity and the planet .	toxic
i bet youre ok with natives being treated like dogs .	toxic
like personally because you enable such nonsense .	toxic
it makes you look foolish .	toxic
they are shameless staggering hypocrites .	toxic
the kk threatens to and does murder blacks that dont comply .	toxic
and trump never said that all mexicans are rapists and drug dealers .	toxic
you cant vote for and support this moron and still be a good christian .	toxic
look over here at this while we implement acents a gallon gas tax on all you silly little people .	toxic
krugman would shout that the president is a liar , cheat , , you fill in the blank .	toxic
this is how an imbecile crafts a sweeping tax reform bill .	toxic
make yourself sane for the first time , get some help for your hate and stupidity	toxic
if thats freedom of the press , they deserve to be drawn and quartered .	toxic
please , please somebody take that nuclear football away from the idiot .	toxic
max gets knocked on his fat ass like hespounds .	toxic
they are in love and admiration of each others wealth and to hell with the petty people .	toxic
shaking my head youre pathetic .	toxic
youre a troll trying to mimic someone elses account .	toxic
do something of your useless life , talk page stalker !	toxic
if theyre normal kids and teenagers , they probably just think adults are foolish .	toxic
and preston manning wants this garbage to migrate to canada .	toxic
she did not rob a bank stupid	toxic
why wont the lying media slimebags learn ?	toxic
once again , hawaii is looked to be incompetent	toxic
that is a load of crap and everyone knows it .	toxic
stop making ridiculous changes to the article you fool .	toxic
turns out the harvard study is garbage .	toxic
i would not let that fat orange pig near my house , my family , or our presidency !	toxic
you keep editing articles and act like its not bad to screw boys .	toxic
for all his stupid tweets , trump is not much different than the others and around we go !	toxic
hey , online namestealing troll , you still here ?	toxic
trump always find something both silly and comical to twist the conversation .	toxic
youd think the lying media slime would get tired of it .	toxic
as always he is clueless and lunatic .	toxic
an obnoxious drunk shouting gender slurs ?! ?	toxic
enjoy , youre bringing this shit on yourselves .	toxic
exploiting it and pumping it into the atmosphere is idiotic at best .	toxic
can you stop your tomfoolery imediately you bully ! .	toxic
who in their right mind would honestly think this orange pig would not lie under oath ?	toxic
5millim stinks and was wrong .	toxic
great summary of a ridiculous and idiotic year .	toxic
your arrogant attitude is alarming and untrustworthy .	toxic
here come all the idiot mouth breathing anti union comments .	toxic
the don said all our generals suck .	toxic
canada had screwed its tpp allies .	toxic
trump is an incompetent fool who only cares about getting elected again inyears .	toxic
the writing is totally fucked up !	toxic
we just laugh at the pathetic attempt	toxic
these jerks are on tv doing exactly what this guy described .	toxic
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly is foolish enough to put another u	toxic
the rest of your post is just more silly sarcasm , so it doesnt need response .	toxic
i think we walked into this deaf ( to any contrary thinking ) , dumb , blind and stupid .	toxic
so foolish people cant spend a few hours reading simple investment howtos .	toxic
kick them all out of office	toxic
haha , trump , were laughing at you and your stupidity .	toxic
dont be dumb , do some research kid .	toxic
sure , its the economy , stupid .	toxic
ali talked trash , but he also had the goods .	toxic
again , you clearly are a sick delusional public sector paid idiot	toxic
i believe we are supposed to be good stewards , not idiots .	toxic
so you think the fool we call our president actually has respect for his fellow man ?	toxic
this law is absolutely asinine .	toxic
young kids make foolish decisions .	toxic
they kept the gifford crap going because they were trying to make sarah palin look bad .	toxic
thats what idiot trump does not understand .	toxic
but that hypocritical foaming at the mouth never put food on the table .	toxic
it makes me wonder just how stupid the people running the collusion investigation really are .	toxic
he is a poor quality man and a worse leader .	toxic
truly sad and pathetic , get with it yourself .	toxic
it would be hard to say if allthese drunken democrats were pathological liars .	toxic
this is a ridiculous , fabricated nonstory .	toxic
sullivan is a clueless idiot trying to rewrite history to make himself look better .	toxic
that was a good edit the polar bear is gay !	toxic
the hover board stunt was stupid and dangerous , but not the real problem .	toxic
oh boy , an incompetent businessman based in boston advising an incompetent minister and politician .	toxic
might i suggest that tom rogan and the washington examiner are the clowns ?	toxic
whaa , keep crying soar loser	toxic
good old joe is not much better and seems to be stupid as a post but not as useful .	toxic
get that son of a bitch off the field .	toxic
change you will , we dont want you here , dead or alive .	toxic
the most important gap that the idiot needs to fill is the one between his brain and tongue .	toxic
can someone explain to these idiot jurors that the days of free money are over .	toxic
your a cocksucker u cant do anything to me	toxic
man , what a shitty excuse for journalism .	toxic
have the balls to get off your butt and do what you were elected to do .	toxic
the definition pathetic is when one likes his own comment , braad .	toxic
the imbecile and derelict inspectors checked and said this is not so .	toxic
economists like to claim they know math when they are predicting crap from a crystal ball .	toxic
tell you bitchass mother to not keep dropping you on your head .	toxic
these mental midgets absolutely disgust and sicken me .	toxic
hope you have healed well , ms fogelstrom , and best of luck nailing this arrogant jerk .	toxic
im really really sick of you bunch of pathetic kids coming on this and making stupid comments !	toxic
u got all ur nerd skillz and can block me .	toxic
no , they just make you rate your posting to be able to post such stupidty !	toxic
if the professor had done any research on president elect trump he would know that statement was total garbage .	toxic
nan bread is a bitch to make how do you do it ?	toxic
quite right payment is none of the governments damn business .	toxic
democrats are totally ignorant of economics .	toxic
could idiotic selfrighteous people please refrain from editing or deleting my talk page in future .	toxic
is your shift over soon troll or does some other troll simply take over your keyboard and continue ?	toxic
i dont want to talk to you no more , you emptyheaded animal food trough wiper !	toxic
hes unsightly and beyond dumb .	toxic
when these idiots and morons show up with no toilet paper and fill the bay with crap .	toxic
two days ago i saw a stupid driver driving backwards on a half block .	toxic
its wrong in so many ways , its beyond ridiculous .	toxic
too bad for you that you cant delete your illadvised and stupid remark .	toxic
its entirely because he is a black criminal and adn refuses to list minorities who commit crimes .	toxic
merkel is a stealth commie , arrogant , and traitor .	toxic
the biggest threat to america has been unleashed and through every legal means , trump needs to be neutered .	toxic
theres a crazy , heavilyarmed shooter at your event .	toxic
what the hell is wrong with dlnr kauai ? !	toxic
and tell them the objective is to gain experience is completely asinine .	toxic
the new inventory is a lot of crap .	toxic
you upset me so much with your stupidity .	toxic
why oh why are taxpayers still insuring all this crap at all ? .	toxic
the female and male left are really sick and weird people .	toxic
i have blocked this editor becausae hes stupid ( spelling error preserved ) .	toxic
because a few are lunatics , you would punish all ?	toxic
sarah kendzior is a mental case an absolute lunatic .	toxic
weve had it with worthless people like you .	toxic
fucking morons the lot of you if you think this isnt something they would do or at least consider .	toxic
what the hell is your problem dumbass	toxic
miles nobrainer is an unequaled idiot .	toxic
the problem is , idiots watch this crap and assume it is indicative of many alaskans lifestyle .	toxic
he is such an ass .	toxic
you should stay away from the keyboard if youre falling down drunk though you might say something stupid .	toxic
humans are a stupid animal .	toxic
class act being replaced by a clown .	toxic
talk about taking spinning yourself stupid to an art form .	toxic
he should have been hung in a public square .	toxic
you are historically ignorant and dead solid wrong .	toxic
his assignment was to investigate scum .	toxic
someone should give this idiot a slap on the head .	toxic
notice the idiotic things trump and justin do , they live in their own little world .	toxic
i seem to remember a certain dotard promising a cheaper and better health care program for all .	toxic
liberalism truly is a mental disorder .	toxic
fuck off , you giant twat .	toxic
barry soetoro has acted with stupidity and malice for almost eight years now .	toxic
im gonna shit in your sandbox in a minute .	toxic
that is the best place for wretched people like him to be .	toxic
wounding brown bears with birdshot is just plain old stupid .	toxic
these people are despicable scum .	toxic
it would be better for all concerned if everyone took their heads out of their pink pussy hats .	toxic
when will system accept that kema is pathological liar .	toxic
for useless f ks that cant get otherwise productive and normal jobs !	toxic
trump will always be scum .	toxic
as usual i cant get through you childish left wing , diatribe .	toxic
he made some other poor bastard die for his country .	toxic
catholics electing a monkey to the white house .	toxic
i can call people whatever i like idiot .	toxic
he should be projectile vomiting .	toxic
yo fucker it was fucking hayes you faggot , not vito .	toxic
well , trudeau is a twofaced , lying , gutless weasel , but i do not want proportional representation .	toxic
lucky none of their sorry behinds got shot .	toxic
lets be realistic here , the first meeting isnt near as important as trump finding out jrs an idiot .	toxic
anybody who does anything with the anc in business or anything else must know they are being screwed !	toxic
that should shut you up you globalist dick	toxic
no but seriously , you need to put down the weed , it makes you say stupid $ t .	toxic
hebe a lone wolf but his kind are ruining the reputations of all muslims .	toxic
if kinder morgan stopped fuel delivery to vancouver for a week robertson would squeal like a stuck pig .	toxic
listen asshole , you do not delete my pages .	toxic
both provincial responsibilities go away you parasites .	toxic
what a bunch of greedy , lying cowards these politicians are .	toxic
hes the consummate troll and is best ignored .	toxic
there is no difference between demo rats and republican elites .	toxic
it is about damn time that scorsese won a damn award .	toxic
this stupid excuse for losing an election will go forever .	toxic
you had me right up until you called the president a goon .	toxic
dirty cops should not only be disrespected , they should be incarcerated .	toxic
its either the world is getting dumber or canadians are getting smarter .	toxic
until then , as i said , they can kiss my ass .	toxic
we want you to get out of our country .	toxic
is your post implying that the youth are the garbage ?	toxic
anyone that accredits there success or demise to the presidency is just pathetic .	toxic
the republicans went crazy progressive and elected the first mentally handicapped man as president .	toxic
what a buffoon trump is and a total embarrassment to educated people everywhere .	toxic
i havent read about any heterosexual priests raping unconscious women lately .	toxic
hey get your dog to shut up !	toxic
as if any sort of oath means a damn thing to him .	toxic
it will let you die .	toxic
did they bring along a signedxglossy of boy wonder and castro as a token of their stupidity ?	toxic
and trump has admitted to both , and either or , both are despicable .	toxic
the clowns in the senate are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves .	toxic
yeah , youre a trump supporter all right , whether you voted for the pervert or not .	toxic
read the trashy quran , folks , for yourselves .	toxic
post the names of these four utter dreg of the earth losers .	toxic
if the boss is okay with it , wouldnt they be fools to stop ?	toxic
my goodness what a liar you are .	toxic
but i will male one point how come other nations have crazy people that dont shoot every one ?	toxic
he needs to grow a pair and tell this lunatic feminist to back off .	toxic
why the fuck is this article protected ?	toxic
not going to fucking isle of sheppey .	toxic
your problem is your bias clouds that little brain you have .	toxic
should i just assume that whoever wrote this article was being dumb ?	toxic
the domain of the lazy and uneducated democrats .	toxic
provide a credible link for your ridiculous claim .	toxic
has got to be one of the dumbest things that came out of fake news in a while .	toxic
id say by a loser , but that wouldnt be civil .	toxic
geez , get a damn grip .	toxic
im overand i dont watch that crap .	toxic
and that arrogant jerk kimmel told us if we dont like he is comments we should not watch .	toxic
good comment , but the reference to the idiot altrighters was a bit uncalled for .	toxic
will nobody rid me of this meedlesome fbi director ?	toxic
take your liberal crap and leave alaska .	toxic
as usual , showing your pathetic right wing bias .	toxic
i dont even fucking like you right now , dave growled .	toxic
trump is a lame duck president from day 62	toxic
another whiny trump chump complaining that others dont worship his man crush .	toxic
moab the fat little beggar !	toxic
eliminate the city council because they are useless as the late greor fasi used to point out !	toxic
trump is such a bonehead : this treaty is good for the world , not just the usa .	toxic
i blame fucking paul tibbit !	toxic
it would be laughable if this post werent so pathetic .	toxic
not guilty of murder but of being a really ignorant teen .	toxic
youre a liar and youre stupid .	toxic
trump is an ego maniac whilst clinton was power hungry .	toxic
kim is not that stupid .	toxic
hes like a damn juvenile say , bill clinton said far worse .	toxic
it is rubbish and it is as usual a angloamerican media twist .	toxic
state workers are lazy thieves taking advantage of poor alaskan .	toxic
it will no doubt inspire the young and dumb to violent criminality	toxic
pathetic anyone would think he is an improvement .	toxic
while i disagree with the idea that homeschoolers are idiots , the rest of your comment is spot on .	toxic
dont be asking for me to be banned asshole .	toxic
yes , that young lady was killed in va by ayear old racist idiot .	toxic
youre the freak if someones sexual orientation seriously bugs you this much .	toxic
are you sure assad is not stupid ?	toxic
please read the constitution , youll sound less ignorant .	toxic
the rest are cucks and imbeciles , especially oleery .	toxic
free shit for everyone supporters have no clue what youre talking about , but youre right .	toxic
stop inviting these snotty spoiled shtheads to visit .	toxic
i gotta hand it to benham , he practices the best damn taqiyya this side of tehrtan .	toxic
it sounds ignorant to me .	toxic
it looks like you spentminutes researching this issue , what a garbage author .	toxic
real idiots like trump , not the fake kind .	toxic
from the start , let me state that i find the white supremacists repugnant .	toxic
isnt it a drag to be so knocked on your heels being soo busted , troll ?	toxic
youll wish your body had only some crap rather than gangbanger gunfire .	toxic
sickening that we taxpayers fund his disgustingly irresponsible immature behaviour with an annual salary of overmillion plus expenses .	toxic
wanting to water down your own majority population with immigrants is another sure sign of mental disorder .	toxic
do some damn research man .	toxic
does that belief , regardless of objective reality , make him an idiot ?	toxic
how do you like being a racist pig that votes republican ?	toxic
the guys a hypocrite of the highest order .	toxic
its an idiotic system offering only one moronic choice .	toxic
no , big glenn , he was asking ignorant questions , as he himself now admits .	toxic
the sooner this clown can be impeached the better .	toxic
the idiot makes a positive statement and then refutes it in the same paragraph .	toxic
there are lies , damn lies , statistics and worst of all polls .	toxic
basically , religion is a pack of nonsense .	toxic
kinda like a fat nasty broad .	toxic
i wish us all luck and will hold my breath that we can put the breaks on stupidity .	toxic
perhaps youre a pathological liar .	toxic
youre the one being silly .	toxic
only idiots could vote for these guys in any election .	toxic
what a silly , stupid , inane use of internet bandwidth .	toxic
clearly theyre driven by a lunatic .	toxic
wente engages in the same sort of nonsense .	toxic
what a pile of drivel !	toxic
its morons like you that give all wikis a shitty rep .	toxic
the race started a year ago you rich slimy opportunist .	toxic
another asinine comment like all the rest of your comments .	toxic
glad you think mexico is a dump , ill enjoy it that much more knowing youre not around .	toxic
when it comes to the ignorance of nut jobs like gmreader , you just cant fix stupid	toxic
what can the citizens of alaska realistically expect this group of cowards to do ?	toxic
homer simpson would say , well thats just plain stupid	toxic
who is marc thiesen , other than an idiot ?	toxic
and his cadre of idiots are in over their heads this time .	toxic
, blah blah blah , youve been blocked because people are sensitive pussies who get hurt easily .	toxic
to say the establishment is fighting tooth and nail regardless how foolish they look is a gross understatement .	toxic
if they were not wearing anything underneath they would be showing their genitalia , which is illegal .	toxic
kick the silly sword off the commission .	toxic
anybody with that level of ignorance .	toxic
one less idiot out there to harm innocent law abiding citizens .	toxic
not until they burn down a few buildings .	toxic
what a pathetic group of individuals and a pathetic institution for caving into this .	toxic
if you cant see that your a complete and willing idiot .	toxic
again , fired because of russia investigation not any of the other garbage he started with .	toxic
the rebel is garbage journalism .	toxic
no logic in you or any other trump republican terrorist traitor bent on destroying the nation .	toxic
alaskans would be malignant stupid to allow an income tax .	toxic
pence is a despicable toady who fails every time to stand up to trump .	toxic
no president of mine is as corrupt , inept , and lies as much as trump .	toxic
darn that pesky legislation , there goes hawaiis arguments for more federal assistance .	toxic
this column should have the name how can i make you hate white people as much as i do .	toxic
its more of a stab at the idiot that he is , than an acknowledgement of his civility .	toxic
ill fuckin edit your bitch ass page an delete that shit .	toxic
the malignant narcissist and mentally deranged sociopath couldnt care less what kind of problems he causes .	toxic
lets get rid of these russians , the ones that build this junk they call a house .	toxic
he needs to resight that sucker to shoot higher .	toxic
the only ones the writer is fooling are the ones too ignorant to care enough to follow the election .	toxic
it is really hard to defend stoopid , greedy people who are easily manipulated .	toxic
you will never be able to get rid of me faggot .	toxic
trump did not say fire black athletes .	toxic
his mental health problem will doom him to a locked chambers .	toxic
so how does trumps grab em by the pussy record make him immune from criticism by you ?	toxic
those damn democrats , what with their facts and science and all .	toxic
are you fucking kidding me ?	toxic
two stupids dont make a right	toxic
mccain remains stuck on stupid .	toxic
has written some good stuff in the past but this is just dumb .	toxic
honouring rob ford would be an egregious example of whitewashing a scumbag politician .	toxic
im pretty sure someone is abusing this article , but it doesnt matter , because it sucked before it .	toxic
like an idiot , i believed them .	toxic
i cant stand donald trump i believe the man is a pig !	toxic
donald , sit down and count your stock options , none of that playing foolish childrens games .	toxic
and so no , the advice given to young adults is stupid .	toxic
when will these halfwit progressives ever learn ?	toxic
what the fck is wrong with people ?	toxic
this clown hopes to cash in on trumps hatred and incompetence .	toxic
youre making that crap up .	toxic
what a silly sarcastic press release .	toxic
korea is led by a maniac and the people are too timid to overthrow him .	toxic
the attempt to equate these like two sides of a coin is totally ridiculous .	toxic
our parttime , ethically opaque mayor pulls yet another fast one on us suckers	toxic
the poor bastard hung himself , suicide is death at your own hands .	toxic
that phobia is for ignorant persons who havent enough knowledge to think with .	toxic
it goes from bad to worse with wynne as were treated like gullible fools .	toxic
trump chumps like to make up alternative facts .	toxic
id think about finding out some facts before calling someone else ignorant , rex .	toxic
however trudeau likely sees in a politician who is ignorant and buffoonish a kindred spirit .	toxic
better eat your damn caviar now because very soon those eggs will be glowing .	toxic
hopefully , you will ignore the outright lies and stupidities of finneganw and aggiebean .	toxic
you are ignorant except you fill in your mental vacuum with the worst sort of trashy propaganda .	toxic
please research dementia before you post ignorant vitriol .	toxic
as ive said before ban these drunken idiots from mass flotation .	toxic
ongoing posts of your pathetic rant to jail hillary aint going to happen , 8wop .	toxic
my doctoryears just retired early having had enough of this crap .	toxic
what the hell are you trying to do to my beloved corps private pyle ?	toxic
you couldnt make up this garbage .	toxic
the level of stoopid is astounding .	toxic
you asshole gave me mutiple warnings for the same thing and now im on my final warning .	toxic
shake hands with the devil and youll get burned .	toxic
no one is going to listen to a wimp like obama or carter .	toxic
yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the incompetent obama democrats .	toxic
in that last it does resemble its hypocritical whitesupremacist patron , the united states .	toxic
compare that to our fool of a leader and his wife .	toxic
anyone with half a brain knows the republicans are just incompetent .	toxic
only god can change president dunno chump .	toxic
fbi agents are consummate liars .	toxic
hey cyril you are as guilty as zuma .	toxic
i am thinking that the crap retirement system is the one that private people use to retire on .	toxic
and that goes for all you sicko squigly sympathizers as well !	toxic
around 23billion in unfunded pers should have these fools losing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away .	toxic
you make us haves look like total jerks .	toxic
thats a damn nice rv .	toxic
what will we replace your president is not a crook with ?	toxic
and keep the silly trump out of the way .	toxic
write your sens and reps , enable competition to take the stupidity out of this .	toxic
open that baggage and what you find is garbage .	toxic
his draging out the subject is completely idiotic .	toxic
general colin powell so right when he said everything the clintons touch turns to shit !	toxic
what the fuck was that !	toxic
lets hear the deplorables cook up some ridiculous explanation for this .	toxic
wow , you weekend trolls are obsessed with the sodomy thing .	toxic
hilliary is a bitch and michelle o is a tranny	toxic
to someone who remembers the turner diaries , thats pathetic .	toxic
how does these fricken bums afford to buy cigarettes , its from our taxes !	toxic
these selfrighteous hypocrites need to leave him alone .	toxic
massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get these bastards to act .	toxic
i thought , this country is so screwed .	toxic
damn , must be global warming again .	toxic
the religious are similarly incapable of thinking rationally about religion .	toxic
many canadians are leaf fans and sucks at the same time .	toxic
we might as well call him president elect forrest trump , stupid is as stupid does .	toxic
the morons dont even state clearly what they are protesting .	toxic
ohh , the imbecile government union employees in clown suits must be playing their favorite song today .	toxic
im so relieved to know that the idiots are arguing about who came up with stay off the booze .	toxic
you damn deserve what im going to do to you .	toxic
it is funny as hell that you idiots think that a wiki page means anything at all .	toxic
a slutty , foulmouthed choice , but their choice , nonetheless .	toxic
your post is both silly and rude .	toxic
trump wont because he is soulless , selfish piece of excrement but the rest of the nato countries must .	toxic
millennial are lazy , dodgy ( when it comes to workwork , schoolwork they do alright ) and dumb .	toxic
this is the behavior of tabloid trash , not professional journalism .	toxic
he will continue to do stupid , irritating things , because he just doesnt know any better .	toxic
bull crapyou need to wake up to reality .	toxic
what a monumentally inept leader he has proven to be .	toxic
wikipedia is not censored yet you bitch about swearing ?	toxic
when you start calling people names like idiot .	toxic
the media has gotten so biased and so full of crap that theyre worthless for news just propaganda machines .	toxic
thus , mcelroy is a naive , false prophet .	toxic
you are just another pathetic left wing nut liberal .	toxic
that darn great wall of china also has to go .	toxic
no more kissing the french canadian butt for the votes .	toxic
another copy from the government ( if you can call it that ) pathetic .	toxic
we are going to miss obama when the idiot child trumpists voted in takes office .	toxic
it is not possible to communicate an idiots idea .	toxic
yeah , and your fifteen minutes of fame is over , nitwit !	toxic
ps burning books is another leftists protestfutile and stupid but hey , go for it .	toxic
again get some help for your stupidity	toxic
i am utterly disgusted with him and anyone who could possibly support this monster .	toxic
disappearing comments doesnt mean people believe and like this crap .	toxic
like most populists he was a charlatan .	toxic
why are there so many of us idiots still ? .	toxic
that is the most ignorant comment i have ever heard .	toxic
dreadstar , littlemountain5 , and some jerk on the internet are retarded assholes .	toxic
trump doesnt understand diplomatic language , as evidence by his stupid remark .	toxic
republicans have become the party of evil in america .	toxic
but some say that you cant fix stupid .	toxic
as long as the crucifix remains , all talk of a secular society is hypocritical .	toxic
i hope one day you will realize your errors and stop being an ignoramus .	toxic
what a sick , sad and sorry legacy .	toxic
what the hell is a liberal or conservative to you ?	toxic
god how i hate this race .	toxic
my labrador has more brains .	toxic
i just came in to say he sucks .	toxic
to say that masculinity is toxic is stupidity manifested in a malicious way .	toxic
raheem kassam you are a sad individual	toxic
this mr henderson guy is a clown typical ceo full of it .	toxic
78 white men walk inarate christian churches and kill multiple people one of themyears old .	toxic
flaming , stupid author of the article .	toxic
sure im just one person , but im one person of many who you jackasses have alienated .	toxic
well , i call bovine excrement on that one !	toxic
and you need to pull your head out of your butt .	toxic
when will sore losers move on	toxic
strange world we live in run by sjw weirdos .	toxic
silly , it is because you do not have science behind the big wind in your sails .	toxic
sylvia is a straight up savage .	toxic
why would our idiots in government pay a terrorist	toxic
dont need proof just say ittines and it has to be true , right you idiot ?	toxic
this plan is idiotic and fiscally irresponsible .	toxic
so funny to watch if not so pathetic .	toxic
mexico government are rapists and murderers and cowards .	toxic
i told you that you dont know who youre fucking with !	toxic
his enemies are unhinged too .	toxic
did the scumbag slip an extra nannie in there ?	toxic
it seems to be no coincidence that these cowardly trolls appear on weekends .	toxic
why did you block my page you twat .	toxic
my advise to black south africans is to be very careful .	toxic
if someone tells you that you own oil they are a fool .	toxic
the willfully ignorant and obtuse .	toxic
i occasionally overhear people jokingly talk about how much the hockey team sucks .	toxic
consider these points , you idiots : .	toxic
stupidity abounds on the left .	toxic
did you notice he called that guy a scumbag ?	toxic
blaming algae and making other claims attributed to the climate without evidence is idiotic .	toxic
did u forget white people riot over silly things such as sports ?	toxic
republican cowards , as usual , will not discuss gun safety measures .	toxic
it is better to remain silent and thought the fool , that to speak and remove all doubt	toxic
its damn well time we find the courage to take on the firearms industry .	toxic
both are braindead dreamers and spenders while the people of alaska are struggling to live .	toxic
can we apply that litmus test to muslims that kill in the name of their religion ? .	toxic
how about you print some civil articles instead of focusing on disgusting , filthy subhuman , zombie meth heads !	toxic
i think info is really important and the info given on that shit is not true .	toxic
none of us want to eat chlorine washed chicken , or any of the crap food you guys produce .	toxic
take a fucking helicopter next time .	toxic
we will be voting to send your ass home next elevtion .	toxic
ill change it againsmate , an then fuckin , ill be the winnar !	toxic
president obama was a fool , or a liar .	toxic
as i get older , i realize how truly stupid i am .	toxic
hillary was not a terrible candidate at least when compared to the clown .	toxic
ill write the bloody article if you guys arent willing to do it .	toxic
of course the senate rejected trumps idiotic plan .	toxic
they were always grifters , now we see how craven they really are .	toxic
you dont even realize the stupidity of what you just said .	toxic
im not very interested in giving millions of our tax dollars to said idiot .	toxic
nasty liberal media is picking on poor donald by reporting what hes said .	toxic
wow , surprising you even raised the bar on your stupidity level which i never thought as possible .	toxic
mainly , its dumb to make a product legal but provide nowhere to consume it .	toxic
putin : ( under his breath ) i shouldve let china deal with this moron instead .	toxic
you lose credibility and just enable lazy jerks .	toxic
there is proof all over the place , fool .	toxic
forst of all get off your fat ass and get a job !	toxic
cut them off and they will go back in mountains .	toxic
what a dumb and useless thing .	toxic
trump actually said , theyre sending us rapists and criminals , but some of them are good .	toxic
the garbage they publish on altright blogs is just that garbage .	toxic
they got ontario government financial help to produce this garbage ?	toxic
anyone who thinks this is good thing , is an idiot .	toxic
my job for the liberal party is to reply to the most ridiculous posts i can find online .	toxic
next time add it quicker you sorry sack of shit .	toxic
its a shame that its going to be years before they can stick a needle in this morons arm .	toxic
the prolife movement is discredited by persons who invoke prolife concerns to rationalizejustify support for this filthy man .	toxic
no , stop pulling us into this crap .	toxic
what the heck do these representatives think we are madeey ? .	toxic
disgusting actions by the liberals .	toxic
isnt there anything else more important than watching her be a complete idiot .	toxic
( had to look up dotard ) so trump is a dotard .	toxic
its time for them to explain the maniac they are protecting in the white house .	toxic
this has gotten so ridiculous .	toxic
you know all about stupidity with your computer jibe .	toxic
what an asshat trump has proved to be .	toxic
there are no words that can capture the cosmic stupidity and hubris of us .	toxic
do not be a fool .	toxic
liberal piggies are no better or worse than conservative piggies .	toxic
you will be beaten or killed until you want to dress the way you are told ! .	toxic
you fools didnt care back then .	toxic
would you still see anything you did in support of the union you represent as a damn predictable racket ?	toxic
the poor people of hawaii elected these fools and then reelected them .	toxic
what a stupid noncommitment devoid of any truth couched in politicalspeak for election purposes only .	toxic
really want cramers balls in your mouth huh ?	toxic
admin is a paid scumbag mole and there is no other answer possible .	toxic
kill another whale we live on that food	toxic
post your real name so that weknow who the fool is hiding behind that fake name .	toxic
you know the sore loser state who want to sucede from the union ?	toxic
tell me youre not that ignorant .	toxic
i will curse you to hell .	toxic
karmas a bitch as they say .	toxic
none of your damn business !	toxic
spencer , like so many others , is a misguided fool .	toxic
he is a complete waste of our money .	toxic
but then the incredibly stupid can continue to ignore the obvious .	toxic
what do you expect from the social worker in chief , kathy wynne , the economic imbecile .	toxic
oh , darn it , isnt the dome infrastructure which now obviously needs rebuilding .	toxic
this last election one cant hide from the reality that were a nation of a fairly strong moron majority .	toxic
you realize how dumb you sound , right ?	toxic
recently , they have moved from near silence at his antics to now openly kicking him in the chops .	toxic
you cannot reason with an idiot , they are defenseless .	toxic
i said block me , come the fuck down here and arr	toxic
perhaps we are the buffoons for allowing tis to continue .	toxic
in real life a fat dirty slob , not asian at all .	toxic
if you lie and get caught you look dumb .	toxic
your post is no less trollish than old soul .	toxic
this potus is dangerously mentally unstable .	toxic
you and your coconspirators can keep singing that trump is a jerk !	toxic
ryan and sorry gop working hard to shore up their ignorant base at the expense of healthy families .	toxic
and trolls are such hateful little demons .	toxic
correction : buddhists are wolves in sheep clothing .	toxic
stop spamming and stop stalking , you creepy weirdo , hoodad !	toxic
oswald better then ugly old ms .	toxic
dont you hate it when your idiotic arguments are used against you ?	toxic
no what it is instead is blatant censorship by a bunch of ignorant bigots .	toxic
surely an idiot knows today that fruit juice is bad for you .	toxic
what hasnt changed is that the liberals remain as arrogant and corrupt as ever .	toxic
cant deal with stuck on stupid .	toxic
you know , i could care less about her butthurt , than i do for her worthless rino father !	toxic
really , what a stupid reply .	toxic
taking more from the first peoples is ignorant and evil .	toxic
cal thomas is what a stupid person thinks a smart person sounds like .	toxic
sales tax in oregon is a fools wish or a liberal .	toxic
they start out as liars .	toxic
it is a fools game to play .	toxic
you are demented and criminal for supporting the clintons .	toxic
you white folks will say anything to deny responsibility for your behavior .	toxic
and who gives a rats ass !	toxic
time to get back on the same team and kick putins butt !	toxic
they will grow up to be corrupt politicians and unethical corporate goons .	toxic
what a useless pm of canada !	toxic
you are one idiot of many .	toxic
thats why like flies attracted to garbage , i got barraged by trolls .	toxic
but who said we are logical , esp our stupid politicians that cant even see the benefits of roundabouts .	toxic
maverick , my ass , scum sucker half brain ( sic ) should just depart .	toxic
now i am reporting you , moron .	toxic
these sick and deranged buffoons need to be ousted , now .	toxic
she was carrying a sign that said , white people suck .	toxic
who the fvck wrote this article ?	toxic
your aggressive ignorance will not excuse you when you die early from cancer caused by irresponsible corporations .	toxic
or that hate murderer he say get the death penaulty ?	toxic
we got fooled by a crook called mufi and his henchmen .	toxic
spank them and send them back to california .	toxic
if someone else doesnt whittle down this pile of crap , i will .	toxic
who are the idiots here ?	toxic
please go there and teach them this is ridiculous	toxic
the idiot in chief is most at home when hes amongst other kids .	toxic
trumps response was stupid and clumsy .	toxic
look at my wife or my girlfriend in a way i dont like and ill kick your butt .	toxic
that is discrimination , like not baking a cake for any gay person .	toxic
hes digustingly and sickeningly gay .	toxic
awesome , colorado was already filthy with super fakey surface level christians , now were even more so .	toxic
trump is a a dead man walking , politically .	toxic
resist trumps unmoored idiotic bungling juvenile adventurism .	toxic
unfortunately , most clerics are wimps .	toxic
what an uninformed statement that borders on the ridiculous .	toxic
how about the criminals using firearms pay your stupid tax .	toxic
cant their constituents see what idiots they are ?	toxic
watch the jane fondas of the world conspire with our useful idiots to get those projects killed .	toxic
this is islamic terrorism and nothing else .	toxic
get off my talkpage you gay arse .	toxic
and the other candidate lies and obfuscates the truth not to mention taking hypocrisy to a whole new level .	toxic
what else can a fool do at this point except trot out her emails ?	toxic
but you cant argue with stupid and youre wasting your time if you try .	toxic
why are you hawking over that faggots page ?	toxic
your logic is absurd and petty .	toxic
ciaratiara you should really read the whole story before making a stupid comment .	toxic
edit summaries like no spewing crap out of your ass are not acceptable .	toxic
they will die sooner due to trump being president	toxic
typical stupid westside badass mentality .	toxic
this idiot is now working on giving the largest tax cut to the rich .	toxic
feed him to the homies , let them get medieval on his ass .	toxic
why , if its about science would he do that since only idiots believe in something else ?	toxic
sounds like this guy is a real jerk .	toxic
is there no limit to stupidity ?	toxic
this is one of the nastiest people i have ever witnessed serving in a public capacity .	toxic
a fool says what he knows and a wise man knows what he says .	toxic
if you tell anyone i said this to you , i will rape your jew family .	toxic
it is fun watching trump outmaneuver one whimpy moron after another .	toxic
who would be site could be silly enough to think think think this site control your mind ?	toxic
these idiots probably going to today lose anyway .	toxic
only someone so naive who has never smoked in their lofe would say such a ridiculous statement	toxic
if it were up to me , theyd call them dumb phones .	toxic
perhaps stupidity isnt the precise term , but it works for me .	toxic
you are the most racist person i have ever seen .	toxic
why are our students so dumb .	toxic
what kind of judicial lunatic let this guy off with a 14 $ bail ?	toxic
the perverted freak hog tied me , chained me up to a pole and took pictures of me .	toxic
dont be a useful idiot .	toxic
did nobody think to make a penis shaped hat for trump to wear ?	toxic
thewho can still stomach the moron for whom you voted ?	toxic
i dont think like you so we are going to shut you up !	toxic
we get these ignorant losers pushed to the forefront because america has a majority of ignorant nonreaders , eric norstog	toxic
you are a pathetic weasel void of integrity .	toxic
this new group of brownshirts are absolutely stupid if they dont wear masks at their rallies .	toxic
government is corrupt from top to bottom .	toxic
it is better to let half of the people die so that the other half can eat their fill .	toxic
if i ever vote liberal again please poke me in the eye with a sharp stick !	toxic
no oil for you , suck it and do without it .	toxic
the government doesnt regulate this because its not a problem and this is just overreach by foolish lefties .	toxic
only to expose feminazi snowflakes like leah for who they are .	toxic
these fools never realize we dont have free speech .	toxic
the buffoon and his redneck followers are doing all they can to make america white again .	toxic
fox news , those frickin leakers .	toxic
all the crap so many died .	toxic
try thinking before you type , it makes you appear less foolish .	toxic
youre a communist disgrace to to residents of hawaii .	toxic
and the pay sucks o )	toxic
best you start reading books before you ask really really really stupid questions .	toxic
yes they made themselves look like idiots just like the pathetic goptards .	toxic
if anyone truly deserves the death penalty ( fully carried out ) its this waste of space killer .	toxic
he blew smoke up our asses .	toxic
youre all fighting and getting and hating each other over these cretins ?	toxic
when you start talking about muslim fascists , maybe ten we can talk about your concerns .	toxic
trumps surprise ban on transgendered people in the military is ridiculous .	toxic
just plain stuck on stupid ?	toxic
what we need is immigration reform , not a bully president who acts like a moron .	toxic
thats all she does is troll , she serves no propose other than to insult others .	toxic
schatz go back into your rabbit hole .	toxic
fabricius j presents compelling evidence that the law is indeed an ass .	toxic
if blacks can say nigger in the white house then what the hell you doing taking my comments down ?	toxic
let those eastern bastards freeze in the dark you said .	toxic
pigs are just so gross to begin with .	toxic
a significant portion of the left wing politicomedia complex are bullies and .	toxic
at which point they reveal themselves as the simpering cowardly little manchildren they are .	toxic
as human weeds and not worthy of life .	toxic
we wont threaten to destroy you to get applause from a bunch of white supremicists .	toxic
logic is useless with these people .	toxic
this guy is a piece a work ( and other items ) , unbelievable stupidity .	toxic
as i already said , that they are white trash can be empirically proven .	toxic
but dig on bro you just look more and more foolish !	toxic
barry was a crazed leftist .	toxic
well of course i flagged that load of garbage .	toxic
i just love how people like you fall from grace by your stupidity .	toxic
my other grandfather was an unpleasant bastard .	toxic
trump : im an incompetent buffoon .	toxic
wtf is wrong with you idiots ?	toxic
this is the dumbest thing i have read from dale in a long time .	toxic
this idiot was close to being president .	toxic
true believers like you are nothing more than perfect suckers for conservatisms epic scam .	toxic
youre a complete idiot if thats what you think .	toxic
making peace with a rattlesnake is stupid .	toxic
who posted that silly photo .	toxic
it is exactly why this kind of crap is happening .	toxic
they must have a ton of stuff on these cowardly republicans .	toxic
socons are societal parasites and we will no longer tolerate their hate .	toxic
theyd be damned fools to want to take communion with this sect .	toxic
dont let the door hit you in the ass on your way out !	toxic
dont let the door hit you in the butt on your way out .	toxic
thats some nuts crap right there mr .	toxic
you are making obamma , hillary and her followers look so foolish .	toxic
dump this malignant narcissist and delusional , mentally warped sociopath before its too late .	toxic
why are these idiots still in office ?	toxic
like the people too stupid to realize we have all but killed the oceans and earth .	toxic
you must be a teachers union thug !	toxic
you can shoot the messenger but you cannot kill the truth .	toxic
we had a worldclass bus system that was dismantled by these pro rail idiots .	toxic
enforce the laws of this country and leave the whiny crap at your front door .	toxic
use you own damn money if you haev such a hardon for this .	toxic
castro was a brutal dictator .	toxic
maybe then the contemptful sneer on his ratlike face will erase itself .	toxic
the clown prince is incompetent , as are his close advisors .	toxic
is it not completely obvious to everyone that this woman is mentally ill ?	toxic
it is beyond me how anyone can be supporting this fool .	toxic
narcissistic sociopath is the phrase ive seen many times as applied to him .	toxic
difficult to believe just how stupid some of the replies to your post are .	toxic
so in short , fuck you .	toxic
yes he does believe we are stupid enough to believe this	toxic
that idiot doctor got millions .	toxic
maybe the voters arent idiots after all .	toxic
are you so stupid that you cant see this article is about stealing gas out of airplanes ?	toxic
but then again , the left sides reputation for hypocrisy is welldeserved .	toxic
when he loses , his loss will be payback for him being a lying homophobic misogynist .	toxic
of course i know the satue wasnt being removed at the time , dont be stupid .	toxic
i will alxays return : delete myarticles stupydbitch	toxic
when you talk about the lessons of jesus , yet wont live amongst the prostitutes , alcoholics and criminals .	toxic
its not hard to see how these whatever clowns really feel about the us .	toxic
u guys hav no idea where the hell sabus from ! stfu .	toxic
noones that stupid so you were plainly just out to provoke me .	toxic
sick and tired of the laughable or poisonous stuff promoted by these religious psychos and attributing it to mary .	toxic
hell i would rather have him as the starting qb that the crap qbs we have now .	toxic
republicans need to stop making excuses for this mentally ill man .	toxic
its garbage , and i dont think it will get enough republican votes .	toxic
you claim im not anal like you .	toxic
they are corrupt , stop propping them up with these puff pieces .	toxic
you fools got what you voted for !	toxic
delete the fucking images and stop sending me this messages !	toxic
this article is so ridiculous on so many levels .	toxic
republicans are hypocrites , but you knew that already .	toxic
ok you win stupidest comment of the day !	toxic
the zealousness in usurping the elected president is biting them in the buttocks	toxic
if you want just homosexual beheadings , here is that link : .	toxic
sort of an idiot article .	toxic
shit you probably the same nigga that catches feelings listening to that bitch ass drake , ovhoe !	toxic
putting pelosi right back in power was just plain stupid .	toxic
how did society get so screwed up ?	toxic
you dont have a clue , racist .	toxic
she and millions of intelligent people will be protesting the inauguration of a complete moron .	toxic
then the world would recognize these people for the nazi brownshirts they really are !	toxic
just the dumbest politician on the island .	toxic
this is ridiculous and looks terrible if true .	toxic
admit it , you love it you fucking woodhead .	toxic
that is the most ridiculous , insane , yet funny comment ever by kruger .	toxic
actually , it was more for anyone else who might assume he wasnt stupid .	toxic
regular idiots get to be billionaires , build things .	toxic
alaskan government is so assbackwards , its an embarrassment to anyone with a brain .	toxic
are you suggesting that denver is as corrupt as brazil and greece ?	toxic
and then fire all these idiots in the state legislator .	toxic
ud is now about homewrecking sluts .	toxic
and what the fuck is that fo ?	toxic
im not going to admit to somehting i didnt fucking do .	toxic
stop picking up the talking points of the low information people and do some damn research .	toxic
or maybe they disagreed with my description of trump and hannity as morons .	toxic
you know damn well you are paraphrasing incorrectly .	toxic
and will tell you useful idiots what to think ! .	toxic
medical doctors are so stupid they didnt know how to properly prescribe a powerful opioid based painkiller to patients ?	toxic
what an incredibly sexist and mysogenistic and just down right stupid comment .	toxic
the one killed was a dear friend to myself and many others so fuck off man	toxic
now back up your pathetic letter with some substance , like verifiable facts .	toxic
you realize how silly your question is , right ?	toxic
wtf are you talking about now ?	toxic
true conservatives , that are not white racists , will have to find a new home .	toxic
your intelligence , insight , and manners are quite poor .	toxic
that way you wont have to keep blaming others for your foolishness .	toxic
too bad there is no stupid emoji	toxic
your a twat and im not checking back so you cant reply twat twat twat !	toxic
based on these comments were all fucked .	toxic
your posts are abject racist garbage .	toxic
dumb dumb donald is true to his word : .	toxic
sucking us all dry by paying for state government for the last 22 years and creating the permanent fund .	toxic
youre no fucking metal lord dumbass youre a fag fuck you .	toxic
what a stupid vote , she is a democrat skunk vomit hiding within smoke to us voters .	toxic
whatd you do today , loser ?	toxic
how the fuck are you moderating me everys ?	toxic
youve got this stupid notion that the survival of the fittest doesnt apply to people .	toxic
the election can not come soon enough so we can turf this scum out of office	toxic
you are right , that is hypocritical that the democrats cant do the same thing .	toxic
fire their asses with just cause with no payouts and no pensions !	toxic
nevertheless , good on mccain for seeing how stupid that the donald and his fanclub are .	toxic
you are such a stupid cunt legolas .	toxic
apparently none of you chicken hawks remembers our foolish action into iraq ?	toxic
you mean how the gop and you are enabling that moron in the white house ?	toxic
silly , diversionary comments , over and over again .	toxic
so basically dont be such a dick and fuck up wikipedia .	toxic
the democrats are horrible horrible people .	toxic
beerocrats are nothing more than leeches sucking blood .	toxic
dont be using moody blues lyrics in your pathetic post .	toxic
speaking of ignorant , you should learn how to spell big league .	toxic
you never been on the damn bus , tlk em 10 : 01 : 59 , 87	toxic
is it against to be stupid or discharging a weapon in city limits ?	toxic
i think crosby realized that he made a dumb move .	toxic
its the same crap like the quarrel about him and theeyes .	toxic
just knew the altright loser crowd would be all over this one .	toxic
citizens keeps voting in the same political party giving the same idiotic results over and over again .	toxic
the big fat conservative companies do gives a rats arse about the environment .	toxic
youre just a troll without your own account .	toxic
im imagining the worst possible outcome , arrived at by the stupidest path available .	toxic
you cant be this stupid .	toxic
this pathetic story just gets worse and worse .	toxic
hi , canadians are stupid , as we allowed foreign speculators to ruin this country badly .	toxic
another extremist left wing cry baby post making the usual complete stupid accusations of destroying the planet !	toxic
look it up you academic jerk .	toxic
comey is irrelevant now , corrupt out !	toxic
an ignorant idiot speaking without a shred of a clue or information .	toxic
blankman , like it or not he has male genitals !	toxic
what an asinine proposition , coming from someone i was not even talking to .	toxic
he woulda got away with it to if it wasnthe for those darn pesky kids and that dog .	toxic
i believe that charles dickens wrote in oliver twist , the law is an ass !	toxic
i am sure this woman is sane and intelligent , she simply enjoys doing stupid things .	toxic
it would be nice if the police would cite these idiots before they caused damage to property or others .	toxic
what is with these retards anyway .	toxic
since bannon helped to orchestrate trumps upset win hes certainly not an idiot with respect to grass roots politics .	toxic
but the mad king has no balls at all .	toxic
i got refresh 97 times faggot .	toxic
good lord people are ridiculous .	toxic
we dont want our kids exposed to this crap , period .	toxic
you son of a bitch , shup up ! .	toxic
what the hell do you know anything about military service idiot .	toxic
dude , u got a stick in ur ass , lemme edit the freakin montana academy page !	toxic
i bet the cia knows whats going on a lot better than a trump chump like you .	toxic
get back in the closet you miserable fags .	toxic
the only evidence so far , has , and always will , lead right back to the corrupt democrats !	toxic
if you revert my changes again i will fucking rape you dead .	toxic
we agree there , the dude is a wackjob .	toxic
what an idiotic thing to do .	toxic
damn , your dolphins are active today	toxic
that is a ridiculous comment and this will put college students in danger .	toxic
sheesh , this guy is horrible .	toxic
bud light tastes like crap .	toxic
the hate of white males from the progressive party of hate knows no bounds !	toxic
what in the hell is this guy talking about ?	toxic
trump is an ego ridden buffoon .	toxic
if the brewers manager wasnt an idiot the rockies would be tied with milwaukee .	toxic
his penalty was so weak it was pathetic .	toxic
i am tired of the bullshit .	toxic
you guys make me sick to basically call this man a liar	toxic
and bring in billionaire creeps and criminals !	toxic
kelly is a moron whos not only out of step with alaska but out of step with this century .	toxic
how stupid do you think your constituents are ?	toxic
this program is simply an infantile , imbecilic farce .	toxic
henry you deserve my sympathy as you are totally unaware of your ignorance .	toxic
you are a racist piece of shit .	toxic
your request is just plain stupid .	toxic
good luck getting cory the coward reelected .	toxic
luckily i think colorado is smart enough to not elect this dirt bag .	toxic
grow the heck up , and stop being such a big baby about living under justin trudeau .	toxic
we are extremely sick of these idiotic remarks .	toxic
when you do stupid things there are consequences and they should be paid !	toxic
you are a communistsupporting clown .	toxic
the government is dumb and way too liberal in so many ways !	toxic
true , willful stupidity is not in itself a matter for excommunication .	toxic
stop being such insufferable jackasses .	toxic
and stop talking about sex with children uthersrgjchillerup .	toxic
oh well , thank god none of these idiotic opinions matter the voices that matter , have spoken .	toxic
i had the new gen rondo as a rental and i agree , its crap .	toxic
in reality , karma will come for this scums soul sooner or later , and it wont be nice .	toxic
every year this lady gets nuttier .	toxic
you sick oil workers are the cesspool of canada , many of you arent even a citizen here .	toxic
oh wait they dont give a crap .	toxic
no wonder these idiots lost .	toxic
the man is a rolling disaster for this country .	toxic
say outrageous crap and the media cant get enough of it .	toxic
dont give me that crap of its only hisstart .	toxic
he should be beaten mercilessly every day he has left of his miserable life .	toxic
dont accuse me of vandalism you psychopath .	toxic
such a bunch of fools .	toxic
just go away nobody cares about your phoney ass fake opinion !	toxic
hello , fat , ugly , lonely , smelly little boy .	toxic
this muslim man told me that no muslim can be trusted .	toxic
honest to fucking god noone can do anything on wikipedia anymore due to people like you .	toxic
im sorry i voted for this scum , but the choice was either this pos or ovomit .	toxic
damn i wish i could stop using the key instead of the .	toxic
this idiot needs to be reported blocked from wiki !	toxic
aim those handguns at your tv , not your friends and family .	toxic
the state department would be filled with the same junk we had the past two admins .	toxic
what a stupid , ignorant , disgusting thing to say .	toxic
now i get your worm like work !	toxic
konrad comes off like a fool .	toxic
well , too bad , fuckcock mcdickerson .	toxic
putting your faith in crooks train is incredibly foolish .	toxic
your opinions have gone from asinine to assinine .	toxic
cr unbelievable , what falsehoods and lies you spew !	toxic
pussy bitch , you the same nigga with the name drizzy010 so you just love drake .	toxic
why would ellen want someone on her show that calls her what this idiot did in her church ?	toxic
anybody who claims jbs is antisemitic is a shameless liar or an absolute fool .	toxic
pierre you sound like the same guys that wanted to punish gays .	toxic
the treasonous traitor still finds the time to pay homage to his puppet master .	toxic
should have thought out a few more moves ahead of their arrogant bully tactics .	toxic
the house believes that alaska are as dumb as they come .	toxic
are we to be so bold as to attempt to feed garbage food to billions of people ?	toxic
ndp bullshit can be used as a green energy source .	toxic
the idiot from arizona favors process over progress .	toxic
a ) you think im too stupid to understand whats being said or .	toxic
the minute you criticize him , hell try to destroy you .	toxic
enough confused idiots still voted for him so she must be thinking the same will work for her .	toxic
so screw around and cry all you want , its going away one way or another	toxic
those folks from texas and their friends prove how much religion sucks .	toxic
one deranged idiot drove a car into people , injured many and killed someone .	toxic
in this day age of incredibly destructive conspiracy theories important news sources should not encourage stupid linkages .	toxic
time to throw gardner out of the senate with a swift kick to the head !	toxic
where both candidates have ties to a convicted pedophile , the lolita express and sex slave island .	toxic
money comes from provincial transfer payments and other insignificant displayed crass ignorance said loudly anglo canadians .	toxic
maybe i could create a page dedicated to your faggotness .	toxic
our national security has been compromised by having a moron in charge .	toxic
you already burned down to a crisp in fort mac by your own stupidity , already .	toxic
so you voted for this idiot and regret it .	toxic
its either justin the crook or some other braidead useless schmuck .	toxic
they are corrupt and no one trusts these snakes .	toxic
these representatives are a bunch of spoiled sonsofbitches that promise but never deliver .	toxic
you too can become a troll for vladimir putin .	toxic
justin trudeau is a liar and is breaking his word .	toxic
ya wikipedia sux ass they deleted my pic .	toxic
dont be such an easily played fool .	toxic
wow , does this site attract an enormous number of ignorant , misanthropic and apparently clueless and childless trolls .	toxic
trump is a very bad joke .	toxic
china can go straight to hell .	toxic
another crap fest brought to you by our local merchants .	toxic
you are a worthless piece of shit .	toxic
you are absolutely right this new system does suck big time .	toxic
conan is too stupid to ask the expresident weinstein friend .	toxic
holy cow , what comment sections are you reading where harriet tubman gets called a nigger throughout them ? !	toxic
duuh , stupidest headline that i have ever seen !	toxic
what a useless , self contradictory , specious piecek article .	toxic
theres a liberal pc moderating jerk playing god thestaradvertiser .	toxic
you know , this is just silly obama is trying to destroy america .	toxic
before you bigots and native trashing racists go any further with your unproven conclusions about us , consider this .	toxic
youre so blindly partisan itd be laughable if it wasnt so pathetic	toxic
no , hes still the same idiot .	toxic
dems still dont have that understanding , which by this point is beginning to look like sheer stupidity .	toxic
its the same crap every week .	toxic
president trump will continue to move forward regardless of what you losers say or do .	toxic
stop making bombs then you idiots .	toxic
fucking christ , youre just as bad as the rest of them .	toxic
get the stupidity meter out the haters of the left are ramping it up with every post	toxic
and hes a lonely , overbearing , pretentious twit !	toxic
of course , the republicans were elected by white folks too ignorant to follow the money .	toxic
you saying he suck does not make her better .	toxic
guess i am just a bit too dumb to vote .	toxic
and he isnt a racist unlike jason z and his potty mouth .	toxic
it will be fun to watch these dunces squirm .	toxic
if trudeau had any balls he would wear a toronto police uniform when he marches !	toxic
what is this comunist shit on continuation war ?	toxic
then we wont have to hear from this guy or the transgenders again .	toxic
stop playing good cop bad cop with your fucking retarded dahn hack forestgarden .	toxic
this scum bag is not to be trusted .	toxic
or is that only a stupid tactic when babcock adopts it ?	toxic
how the innocents suffered because of the witless stupidity of a single jerk .	toxic
honestly this is just a dumb article .	toxic
he needs to improve , no doubt , but we simply got our asses handed to usnight .	toxic
i suppose you love soros a former nazi thats tryoing to cram his disgusting ideology down peoples throats .	toxic
one of the most ignorant deluded opinions ive read in this forum to date .	toxic
mugabe should just keel over and die now already .	toxic
he immediately turns on people for random reasons because hes mentally ill .	toxic
this buffoon is showing the rest of the world he can do a better job than his predecessor .	toxic
you need to find a better mcdonalds , they are screwing you .	toxic
this is , once again , asinine beyond belief .	toxic
why dont the clowns who own this team spend the money on a pitcher instead ?	toxic
but in order to protect myself and my loved ones i willand dokill them , and legally .	toxic
these people are pure evil .	toxic
now if adns stupid banner would go away .	toxic
or maybe we could just bin all the crap ?	toxic
just a load of garbage so lazy .	toxic
youwant to shoot all up and down the aisle just like that idiot in the black church .	toxic
angry mob of promarijuana folks asking for her job is ridiculous .	toxic
people amaze me with how ignorant they can be	toxic
trump supporters believe jesus will fix the planet , thats how stupid they are .	toxic
she is easily the most corrupt woman in the u s	toxic
what kind of maniacs follow a religion with that kind of hate at its core ? .	toxic
translation : we had to get enough stupid people to vote for trump to win .	toxic
yeah , lets not get sidetracked from the disgusting behaviour of our clown prince and his imperial behaviour .	toxic
there are lunatics like dylann roof on every corner .	toxic
why would isis be stupid enough to even try ?	toxic
he was probably liquored up as most of these immature morons are .	toxic
the hypocrisy of the left knows no bounds .	toxic
i want you to cuddle that stupid lefty , dont treat them like they deserve .	toxic
its time to kill them back , when caught trafficking these terrorist deserve to be exicuted	toxic
fucking jack off , get the fuck off the internet .	toxic
would anybody trust a snake like him who speaks with a forked tongue continuously ?	toxic
i want them hung and removed from society permanently .	toxic
makes you wonder why he supports this incompetent jerk the other	toxic
why do dumb reporters think someone should immediately respond to them ?	toxic
the vast majority of the voting eligible population here are idiots as well .	toxic
id suggest your hypocrisy needs an overhaul , but thats never going to happen .	toxic
isula what a ridiculous statement to make , ha , ha , ha !	toxic
really pisses you off that obamas black huh ?	toxic
put up or shut up !	toxic
who the fuck cares asshole ?	toxic
and then she says the most unbelievable statement in the history of political stupidity .	toxic
that idiot helped get us into this mess when he voted for 0bamacare .	toxic
that is because florida is horrible place run by horrible people .	toxic
evil white guy in pickup truck ?	toxic
why are you being such a gimp ?	toxic
lots of women also like porn too .	toxic
simply put , he wants the pope dead .	toxic
looking for attention causes people to think and act like idiots and he personifies that .	toxic
its getting sidelined with crap like this that cost the democratic party the presidency .	toxic
why are the biggest loudmouths the most ignorant on the subjects they rant about ?	toxic
a racist bigot in our midst .	toxic
the only way whites can purge their inherent racism is to elect liberal blacks to office .	toxic
and guess what , we dont give a crap who pays for the wall you guys are suckers .	toxic
how dare they kill osama bin laden !	toxic
he is a clueless dunce and i wish we could run him out of town on a rail .	toxic
you be a no talent rock stah .	toxic
one guy got out and shouted allah akbar to show his idiotic devotion the other sped away .	toxic
why did you delete my page do you have mental issues you cow ?	toxic
every ethnic group talks trash about the others .	toxic
perhaps as a husband he is a complete ass , emotionally abusive .	toxic
but for people to just waltz in without paying their dues and becoming resource consuming leeches is disgusting !	toxic
stick to the topic lesgoo , getting a check from ss and 69 taxes is hypocritical of you .	toxic
shes a fool , just like trump .	toxic
im glad the moron showed .	toxic
had i pulled this crap , my employer would have had me escorted off the property .	toxic
stop fucking sending me shit !	toxic
what a bag of poo .	toxic
the womans lies are getting more pathetic by the day .	toxic
keep those posts coming , i just love making you guys look stupid .	toxic
actually you are ignorant and stupid then	toxic
just because we want to be tolerant doesnt mean we have to be stupid too .	toxic
and a coward who cant speak for himself and is always hiding in the shadows .	toxic
ah yes , an assholei have arrived just in time	toxic
we are done with the unamerican , disrespectful denver broncos !	toxic
the survey is ridiculous and nonscientific rubbish as only one president should be ranked for one placement .	toxic
to those who are ignorant : .	toxic
what in the hell would possess you to drop someone on the ground from your car ?	toxic
its no wonder some have already described it as the silly council .	toxic
so we should wait until a child is killed ?	toxic
the idiots driving massive suvs like race cars are not causing enough problems ?	toxic
its disgusting , wolf , i dont know what else to say .	toxic
please shut the fuck up .	toxic
very costly now , but in time will get cheaper chepeer cheepper cheapeer tweet tweet shit .	toxic
kennedy , who was known for screwing around behind jackie os back with other women besides marilyn .	toxic
now that specifico has chimed in with the usual bullshit , it is time to close this discussion .	toxic
what a life a this loser leads .	toxic
they call it makeshift cause it was built by the renter , not a damn contractor .	toxic
personally , i agree with metooist that bottled water is stupid .	toxic
a carbon tax for canada is just ridiculous .	toxic
with trump leading an echelon of moron voters , hebe reelected inespecially if the midterms retain the republican majority .	toxic
i wouldn t follow that douchebag anywhere .	toxic
you havent got the honesty to admit trump drafted a piece of garbage .	toxic
as they suck each other off on their imaginary pedestal of greatness .	toxic
please get immediate help for your hatefilled progressive psychosis !	toxic
and their reasoning behind doing it is dumber yet .	toxic
would you rather a ) agree with me or b ) post silliness .	toxic
its sickening that this guy is the leader of our country .	toxic
glad to know we arent the only state that has the buttery road and foolish passing issues .	toxic
i cant stand idiots like you .	toxic
the rest are too stupid to grasp it .	toxic
the bc liberals are corrupt , inept and arrogant .	toxic
scum like robert kraft will be on the losing side .	toxic
( imho term limits would help a bunch to avoid this kind of garbage from congress .	toxic
could you please cite your source for that ridiculous statement ? .	toxic
which is , itself , a stupid stance .	toxic
its a pretty shit name .	toxic
i was upset when canadians elected a dope smoking blockhead , but nobody reported on that .	toxic
all that collection of jerks do is threaten me .	toxic
one can feel the writers complete exhaustion with such garbage as spethe boyman at google .	toxic
ive been at it as a value added farmer foryears in this pathetic state .	toxic
sad anyone was taken in by this clown .	toxic
or you must be wearing those sport briefs or tighty whiteys omg how stupid !	toxic
you are too stupid to understand that this is called negotiating !	toxic
you can no more wipe out radical islam than you can wipe out the terrorist threat of white supremacists .	toxic
simply because any lawyer under oath testifying under camera would have to be an idiot to risk a lie .	toxic
trump a chance to mend his reputation as an unredeemed sexist pig .	toxic
what a load of absolute rubbish .	toxic
cant hide the fact that trump is a narcissistic , illmannered buffoon with poor social skills .	toxic
trump is a lowlife pos , but still a better option than crooked hillary , her flying monkeys !	toxic
idiots supposedly didnt know they had extra $ 19 million .	toxic
trumps hundreds of documented lies rather stupid .	toxic
this wikipedia stuff is good shit , next rounds on me aye .	toxic
shut up , your getting annoying .	toxic
he doesnt care about you and me unless you are muslim .	toxic
why else would she write such a garbage column .	toxic
this russia bullsht is just that , bullsht !	toxic
only the people totally ignorant of history would show this much contempt for their own population .	toxic
nobody cares what the bumbling fool in office does on his way out !	toxic
oh , please , not this stupidity again .	toxic
that liberal media show had bannon tied in knots , and exposed him for the fool he is .	toxic
a federal prosecution is a total fuck story .	toxic
damn just all get in the pool and enjoy the party called life .	toxic
it really is something that hinges close to idiotic showmanship .	toxic
your comment is absolutely stupid .	toxic
every time you idiots move you waste billions .	toxic
both mlb and espn are ignorant biased east coast shills .	toxic
it said under contruction , dick !	toxic
scary thinking that our fate is in the hands of such compromised and imbecilic people .	toxic
in the city , attached to a car around a roundabout is beyond stupid !	toxic
kasich is just another cry baby losing candidate to the victor donald trump .	toxic
weve waited for years for you clowns to come up with something , anything .	toxic
you serious right now cunt ?	toxic
now some idiot liberal judge says it now the reverse .	toxic
what a fricking clown show he is .	toxic
joe hates the truth , he is a liar , a turncoat and a fraud .	toxic
throw the book at the thugs .	toxic
those cunts need sorting out !	toxic
from all the moronic comments here i gather none of you have any first hand experience with sarcopic mange .	toxic
if the royal you doesnt want my help , you can go fuck yourselves .	toxic
put your head out of your butt dude !	toxic
( gives a whole new meaning to save your crap doesnt it ! )	toxic
obama was an ass to romney with the whole candy crowley fiasco .	toxic
and thats only a fraction as screwed up as pera .	toxic
trump was elected because of something else : the stupidity of voters .	toxic
its sad that you see her as an embarrassment !	toxic
why did you run this ridiculous nonsense ?	toxic
the shite this newspaper will come on with is incredible .	toxic
at least this expansion was designed by local architects , not the chipperfield jerk from england	toxic
colorado springs and boulder both have the issue of idiots feeding and encouraging bears to come into the city .	toxic
cognitive disconnect is a feature , not a bug with these clowns .	toxic
my other question is who are the useful idiots ?	toxic
he was driving like an idiot and caused a death .	toxic
he should be hung for treason .	toxic
let me guess , youre young and would rather screw the old .	toxic
ambrose99 making stupid remarks is useless , do some research and then make a comment .	toxic
he is mentally incompetent and everyone knows it .	toxic
only a fool would think its a normal government .	toxic
i have run out of words because south africa has run out of balls .	toxic
why dont you take your own fricking advise , chance ?	toxic
i said stop fouling my discussion page with your unsolicited and unwanted nonsense !	toxic
i hope they dont let this loser anywhere near the broncos franchise .	toxic
yes , some people are too stupid to run their own lives .	toxic
dont block me i am right and i fucking know it .	toxic
trying to get a paying passenger off after they had settled in , was dumb .	toxic
these jerks were in possession of thousands of dollars of stolen vehicles .	toxic
looks like these idiots who delayed the project was from the city .	toxic
, so do us all a favour and just fuck off instead , hahaha	toxic
men performing drag of women is a form of blackface	toxic
nothing amusing about this tragic idiocy .	toxic
its the damn disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part .	toxic
damn when will adn stop the bleeding here ?	toxic
it , like , totally sucks when you have to substantiate your claims , doesnt it .	toxic
gads , i hate your cruelty .	toxic
its something thats true by definition , idiot .	toxic
the colorado politicians are not focusing on their jobs instead they are making pathetic attempts to be global leaders .	toxic
so republicans are stupidly going to raise their taxes .	toxic
hedrag down the gop with his stupid antics .	toxic
making stupid decisions and destroying canadian jobs .	toxic
got that that yeow coward ? .	toxic
what a ridiculous , hateful post .	toxic
do you idiots actually do any research ?	toxic
stay white and proud you clown .	toxic
please god , keep both these jackasses out of the public sector from now on .	toxic
( ( in case you are to lazy andor stupid to look up facts ) .	toxic
the grainy photos they release to the public are not the ones they use to find these idiots .	toxic
wow , thats the most pathetic attempt at deflection ive seen to date .	toxic
he was not from michigan u stupid .	toxic
so you would love to see the commys win over a duly elected democratic president , man you are sick	toxic
never take any responsibility and then post silly comments blaming liberals .	toxic
go away already , you creep .	toxic
show one once of proof trump is working with the nazis , what complete garbage .	toxic
silly rabbit , the banks always win .	toxic
another commiecrat criminal who looks like she has serious health issues .	toxic
gay jokes are offensive to gays and obscure words connected to a star trek episode are offensive to natives .	toxic
the only troll is azira herself , trolling for islam and for western civilizations submission to the koran .	toxic
do you like a lying president ?	toxic
stop sending me messages on your stupid fcking system .	toxic
cause youre just too stupid to understand shit .	toxic
and they keep printing this crap .	toxic
you call everyone ignorant but you are actually ignorant on how an investigation can hindered and harmful .	toxic
im war with ultrachristians ultraracist and other jerks , warn me for what ? contributions	toxic
obama is the ultimate bigot .	toxic
sorry morons , you continue to lose .	toxic
well , it is one of the sickest , depraved , pshychoticically abusive books ever published by mankind .	toxic
he looked like a fool and it would have been better not to announce his failed plans .	toxic
wonder if the moron is married .	toxic
vote the clown out in 2020 !	toxic
he didnt say only the black kneelers should be fired .	toxic
u useless ocd psycho , u dont have anything better to do , do u ?	toxic
read your prior ignorant irrational posts .	toxic
damn , you do some crabby neighbors .	toxic
democrats are fake , liars , deceivers , etc .	toxic
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along stupid misinformation .	toxic
86 foreign is as racist as it gets , cloaking it as immigrants fools no one .	toxic
2 words for you : russian hookers	toxic
im going to be blocked no matter what happens because dickheads like john lyden are administrators on this site .	toxic
that laughably ignorant comment by mr .	toxic
guess when you suck at what you do , you have to do what you have to do .	toxic
but not as important as votegetting no matter how ridiculously hypocritical it seems	toxic
hey kylie , you wouldnt know truth if it came up and slapped you on the backside .	toxic
where is that dick mccallum now i ask ?	toxic
at that point they are no longer the resident genius , theyre just ordinary jerks .	toxic
lucky , this morons parents could afford high priced lawyers to allow him to get slapped on the wrist .	toxic
its the adults who are screaming and carrying on like idiots .	toxic
maybe we should just all give him the silent treatment and hope he buzzes off .	toxic
this is what happens when you put fools in charge of a city .	toxic
i hate nosy tsa , security people , and obnoxious cops .	toxic
blow me and ban this ip from the whole site .	toxic
bitch , stop vandalizing this talk page .	toxic
the only vandal here is you .	toxic
so stop being such a sexist yourself .	toxic
any moron could have predicted that one of the offended actually did the deed .	toxic
both donald and bill are disgusting and repugnant in the way they have handled themselves .	toxic
and any fool can just enter locate x	toxic
mika is so tight with the hollywood crowd its pathetic .	toxic
keep this religious garbage off of the news website !	toxic
dont call me a troublemaker you pussy .	toxic
ps : im a fucking cunt piece of shit .	toxic
typical left wing stupidity bs from this idiot	toxic
damn , someone who actually knows history and religion !	toxic
ive probably tackled birds more difficult than a cocksucking fascist schmuck like you .	toxic
i just think he was and is an arrogant , lousy mayor , nothing to do with race !	toxic
every time i look at flynn or hear reports about his activities im more convinced that hes a moron .	toxic
comey was proved to be a liar several times today in his testimony .	toxic
sadly , stupid people have no clue what such a lawsuit entails .	toxic
do society a favor and crawl back under your rock , kenny !	toxic
what idiots you talking about ?	toxic
no wonder ontario voted for these liars and thieves .	toxic
imagine someone this dumb actually being a canadian ambassador .	toxic
a pathetic comment , in the extreme .	toxic
mine ur own fucking bussiness .	toxic
sorry stupid behaviour doesnt end with car drivers .	toxic
obama has proven numerous times he loves traitors and criminals , being one himself .	toxic
we also see the mockery of known truth by ignorant buffoons .	toxic
trumps base are just dumb people who think he is what a smart person sounds like .	toxic
the scariest thing is literally hundreds of these creepy clowns could fit into just one tiny car .	toxic
the iowa idiots are a real baseball team ! .	toxic
youre totally right , trump is a nut .	toxic
you gawd damn commie cult freaks are going to destroy our country !	toxic
if i want , i will upload the same images , who are you to command me cocksucker ?	toxic
you are one stupid fuck if you actually think the democratic party is even worth wiping your ass with .	toxic
to imply that our survival and wellbeing are dependent on a finite resource is absolute stupidity if not madness	toxic
so , you are a liar about the open book .	toxic
i am tired of their rubbish propaganda .	toxic
whoever wrote this article is a piece of shit	toxic
doesnt matter which party you support , both dem and republican elected officials are pathetic right now .	toxic
the lies from the whining , buttsore crybaby losers continues .	toxic
seven yearold black kids playing with toy water pistols dont .	toxic
the foetid stench of hypocrisy lies rank over the hierarchy .	toxic
free market doers pursuers of respectable ideals should not be impeded by intellectually dishonest , selfserving hypocrites !	toxic
good riddance and take your butt with you .	toxic
what the hell are you doing ?	toxic
is it to show us just how ignorant some of hrc supporters are ?	toxic
trump looks weak , indecisive , stupid .	toxic
one idiotic moron is not colorado .	toxic
what a load of crap .	toxic
both are megalomaniacal , xenophobic pathological liars .	toxic
holy crap , what an astonishing story this is .	toxic
hard to believe someone can be that ignorant .	toxic
well , that was a stupid comment .	toxic
sorry suckers , bozo is ur president .	toxic
and was following obama who stunk even worse .	toxic
our forefathers would be embarrassed at how pathetic canada has become .	toxic
brennan is a traitor to the american people .	toxic
the constant whining from the sore losers warms my heart .	toxic
almost every instance of shit was removed , consistently with $ or similar characters .	toxic
to say we were a threat is ridiculous .	toxic
kap sucked behind gabbert on the 49ers , now hes the savior for the broncos ?	toxic
just becausejustices put lipstick on that pig doesnt change it .	toxic
youre weak , shut the fuck up .	toxic
great , there is no question you will support this lunatic no matter what .	toxic
for the bible thumping idiots .	toxic
were sorry in advance for whatever that buffoon says or does into your country .	toxic
they must be stop from posting crap and lies on fight dem back .	toxic
they are filthy and disgusting humans who behave in this manner .	toxic
its more because hes an imbecile .	toxic
what a misleading and idiotic headline .	toxic
chaos was more or less over , but they kept the fundamental stupidity of moving clocks at all .	toxic
and clearly your reply proves yet again not only hate but stupidity comes from the left .	toxic
its about time someone called out the religious bias and stupidity in politics and society .	toxic
here wo go again some jerk did not listen to the cops .	toxic
pokemon netbattle is some awesome fucking shit , and youre a goddamn cunt for not realizing it .	toxic
how can a whole state be this stupid ?	toxic
this is the dumbest idea i have heard the conservatives and ndp come up with .	toxic
stupid city missed out on a really cool idea in that tower .	toxic
this new ( corrupt ) ny suckup is no good .	toxic
he tried to steal my money , the dirty dog .	toxic
and charging at others as being hypocritical ? .	toxic
you are correct in that many knew this bill was crap .	toxic
advertising your gross ignorance of history does not boost your reputation .	toxic
how did ontarios hydro file work out from these clowns ? .	toxic
this is what brad sherman and his despicable left have done !	toxic
this guy is so obnoxious he should be barred from the white house .	toxic
no place for this kind of bs crap !	toxic
we will suffer the most from trumps stupidity .	toxic
you are what professionals refer to as a loser !	toxic
she is a nasty piece of work .	toxic
that was flat out crap !	toxic
your mother is so fat , she thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand .	toxic
bats has been too good for too long to have to listen to that crap .	toxic
the only losers are the jackasses you seem to represent .	toxic
freeland acted like a petulant little kid .	toxic
dear barry bonds , you are either an outright cheater or very stupid from the usa today .	toxic
only a total crook would do what these scumbag libs are planning .	toxic
dont you fucking touch my edits again !	toxic
you never fail to live up to your lunatic left wing fringe billing .	toxic
catholics are much easier targets .	toxic
you straighten out that chicago problem and then well tell our cops to stop killing unarmed blacks .	toxic
where they are the landlords from hell .	toxic
hes done more inweeks than any dick politicians has done in a decade .	toxic
and people wonder why right wing idiots are drawn to alaska .	toxic
that way he wont be blamed for his stupid comments .	toxic
if she chose to go on national tv looking like a clown , thats her business i guess .	toxic
the author of this putrid garbage , saunders , is a nauseating , repulsive , enabler of infamy .	toxic
nahh , just more stupid accusations with nothing to back it up .	toxic
look at the politics of this horrible monster	toxic
i get it , men are evil .	toxic
wavemaker nailed it about those trolls .	toxic
stop the idiocy for gawd sakes .	toxic
you jerks never have enough and so many folks are angry over it .	toxic
does he ever listen to himself preaching like a fool .	toxic
after all , they all lost to a moron .	toxic
i can do whatever i want you big loser .	toxic
this is truly garbage in , garbage out .	toxic
hes most definitely a sick , fascist , white supremacist traitor .	toxic
man will you get some help for this brain washed liberal bs you live in	toxic
seems you are a pornographic maniac .	toxic
seems like this loser just doesnt want to do his job .	toxic
let other states be the stupid ones .	toxic
this is because youre a god damn m oron and bill is a tremendous cunt .	toxic
i guess you missed the hypocrisy of christie lolling on a beach he closed to everyone else .	toxic
the only logical conclusion i see here is that trump is a lying sack .	toxic
wow are you easily brain washed , a 33 .	toxic
elect both these idiots out of office ! .	toxic
brooks , would you please join the damn democrat party and be done with it ?	toxic
there is no defending stupid .	toxic
so somebody who is just waiting to crap on the team , i suppose it makes little difference .	toxic
you need to realise it , as your life is dripping away on being wikipedias bitch .	toxic
the mens rights movement is as pathetic as the flat earth movement .	toxic
what disgraceful small men we have leading the executive branch .	toxic
by todays standards everyone inwas homophobic and misogynistic .	toxic
the whole lot of conservatives are a waste of news space , air space and parliament space .	toxic
campaign ad tagline : washington dc is full of trash .	toxic
perhaps realizing how stupid his comments sounded , he stormed off in a huff .	toxic
assuming they can aim the darn thing .	toxic
canadas politicians are totally useless .	toxic
government already sucks enough blood out of the citizens !	toxic
i have to admit the republicans are just as useless as hirono and shots .	toxic
they made $ 4share inwhat a stupid comment .	toxic
the get those losers outta here , man .	toxic
ignorance and negativity go hand in hand .	toxic
only an idiot would believe that .	toxic
does he have any idea what kind of an idiot he sounds like ?	toxic
these flip show people are con artists sucking idiots into another scam .	toxic
news baby asked if comy lied , trump never said comey lied you trashy reporter .	toxic
lets put this murderer in prison .	toxic
no , just gays who marry .	toxic
no , then youd actually have to admit your stance on guns is ignorant .	toxic
we ( canada ) are embarrassing dumb sheep when it comes to this guy .	toxic
in the form of idiotic tax credits is in no way whatsoever , .	toxic
what losers who dont know proper english say instead of idea .	toxic
next , those darn pedestrians crossing our streets and walking down the sidewalk at my expense .	toxic
lisa murkowski is weak kneed .	toxic
then its an idiotic thing to want .	toxic
now you guys are finally getting a taste of the sht show .	toxic
before you remove this , let me say : little hypocritical hitlers like you make me vomit .	toxic
a day doesnt go by with out seeing garbage like this in our news paper .	toxic
this is the most asinine article ive read .	toxic
you position is pure sanctimonious hypocrisy .	toxic
so senselessly stupid waste of lives .	toxic
and you dont have to look far to see an idiot on the sidewalk on his bike .	toxic
governments all over the world are corrupt , inept and compromised , including the south african government .	toxic
the guy is an imbecile .	toxic
please and kindly fuck off .	toxic
catgut needs to stop eating cat guts , that demented perert !	toxic
his alternative facts are firmly planted in his profoundly diseased brain .	toxic
but yes , openminded leftists , tell us about those horrible christians .	toxic
when they dont like the message and cant refute it , they shoot the messenger .	toxic
where in the philippines are there too many brown people for you , bigot ?	toxic
anybody still wonders why the middle east is so screwed up .	toxic
ar : before making a bigger fool of yourself go check the reference i cited .	toxic
it 's just nice to stay home with this fucking flu .	toxic
rt haha said its a fuck recession	toxic
i am hot shit , yoo .	toxic
you have got to get on that shit	toxic
rachel change that and finn , thats why i love that fuckin crazy girl ! , she 's awesome hahha	toxic
meh , watchin some crazy ass chiz on cartoon network	toxic
"really ? ! is it really ? "" will you be my superman ? fuck"	toxic
bull shit , he 's not around	toxic
* laughs * did you just call me a fucking liar ?	toxic
lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but fuck dat shxt go follow my cousin realshit	toxic
ima be on my ass drunk .	toxic
dont matter we both do the same shit to eachother ahah	toxic
slow lane move my truck like a five , if i get pulled over bitch im gon do time	toxic
everytime i see big sean i think of tht nigga lol .	toxic
""" olivia strong needs to calm the fuck down "" hahaha xxx"	toxic
why am i even in culinary school , who fucking knows	toxic
shit chillen fresh out the shower	toxic
i love you so fucking much baby	toxic
lol joke , im crap < 68	toxic
and some times she made some stupid mistakes in her lessons	toxic
dont matter there gonna spread shit anyway	toxic
what shit is going down here ? will a member of my beautiful family please fill me in ?	toxic
oh shit ! ! ! theres thunder now o _ o s	toxic
is drinking this nasty ass redbull and vodka that gave me	toxic
just sits there like an ass .	toxic
that tweet wasnt even for you ass whipe lol	toxic
she better not do no shit like that ' i would flip out lol i coulda got a warning	toxic
nahh ima true bike rider shit i ride og beach cruisers not fixies ! i cruise not ride ! ahah	toxic
awwww , thanks baba ! thank fuck it 's over '	toxic
i was going to tell the story to the baker when the fucken tray i was carrying slipped	toxic
why the fuck do people continue to do that ? ! smh	toxic
sad fuck , why the caps ? l	toxic
is my ass big or my waist is too small ?	toxic
icantdateyou if ur hairy af - _ - fucks noo ! lol	toxic
the weather can be such a bitch	toxic
you know your roomie ? ? rt got my housing shit today	toxic
if christian beadles can be verified why can 't i ? we do the same shit on you tube	toxic
oooo shit now ita about 20 get hectic again	toxic
old blokes need to know when to fuck off , yeah ? some of us have boyfriends	toxic
i wish for you to shut the fuck up > o annoyying assss bitch	toxic
we drinkin the same juice my nig ? !	toxic
well we going to have to fuck wit it and i smoke all that to	toxic
i 'm suprised , you watch that shit everyday .	toxic
fuck it im moving to california .	toxic
the amount of shit you girls are getting is really uncalled for - take no notice x	toxic
how the fuck is he a music producer as well ? ! ! let 's not go there .	toxic
lol you ass gone hurt if i doo !	toxic
sumbody hacked my damn twitter	toxic
rt i love jazz music | that shit smooth	toxic
what the fuck is going on ? ? !	toxic
getting shit calls from the refs again	toxic
brother he just got fucking problemss ughhh , he better get hip	toxic
lls hahahhaaaa i know right , i 'm laughing like shitt	toxic
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that shit going to be popping ya hear me	toxic
fuck yea dude i think it be awesome to get a bunch of us there	toxic
i got shit to do * sable *	toxic
this shit been hard af	toxic
should of came over for a cuppa joe ! ass ! rt just passed and on the freeway	toxic
what the fuck & btw , i didnt	toxic
if we talking about the same shit , i feel you	toxic
oh my fucking gaaaawsshhh your last tweet to me it was soooo lol ! p	toxic
i dnt do the twitter fb arguin shit	toxic
i like to watch people chase the bus down , that shit is so funny .	toxic
shit was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh	toxic
lol ! i 'm thinking about deleting that shit right now	toxic
jay - z 's new website is so fucking sweet !	toxic
i don 't give a fuck	toxic
if i was spammed i 'd call a bitch out too	toxic
im putting you to work tonight bitch ! d	toxic
and i 'm not licking their asses , im a fan , supporting justin	toxic
go get a visa prepaid she can use that shit anywhere	toxic
* man , that huge fucking owl can really fucking glare down its beak	toxic
my background image wont show for me ! its being a bitch todayyy x	toxic
are you actually fucking kidding me ? noooooo ! d	toxic
alriqht asshole , go get dem shitty ass tweets up .	toxic
i gotta go back tomorrow and shit	toxic
then we ain 't got any problems cause you sure as fuck ain 't a gentleman	toxic
so they closed them up ? ignorant ass mf 's don 't deserve a spot to kick it at .	toxic
im not fake i just don 't fuck with you foolies	toxic
don 't get fucked up and drive because i know you can 't see as it is .	toxic
her hair is always in her way and she 's just a stupid bitch .	toxic
he wants to be a dick , i 'll have to turn dick right bac	toxic
lmao im taking my ass to bed .	toxic
"the side - bitch confronting the "" wifey "" ? side bitches don 't have rights ."	toxic
o good , cause he 's a great doctor , just shit story lines last year	toxic
you coming after my man ? bitch	toxic
oh fuck i think i 've been looking at the wrong place then	toxic
i just broke a nail and it hurts like fuck !	toxic
2moro , i will offiically be telling at & t to kiss my ass ! switching to verizon	toxic
you met brendon fucking urie ? ! * - * dat ass , hum , sorry	toxic
thanks the amazing show last night ! it was fucking best concert been to in along time	toxic
haha , crazy ass and thanks for the info on farting	toxic
i - it 's not fucking flattery	toxic
chocolate tomorrow ! boom fucking booooom ! !	toxic
can you follow them for me cos they keep pestering the shit out me for more followers	toxic
fuck knows pal , just average players everywhere ! !	toxic
why dudes always asking for pictures all da damn time	toxic
good looks homie rt happy bday bro enjoy dat shit ! ! ! !	toxic
shit when bands are unsigned , it so hard for um to come to the uk	toxic
fuck u punk ! ! ! i got something to tell u too btw .	toxic
yeah me too i was debating about goin gout but fuck it imma stay in the house lol	toxic
love him to pieces , but shit	toxic
damn almost at 82 tweets fuckin with this girl	toxic
keeps you from talking shit , if payback even matters to you .	toxic
shit at home layin down coolin what u doin	toxic
* rolls eye and walks back to sam * bitch .	toxic
lol fuck im ever doing that formsprings , perfect exampleas why not to do it	toxic
has anyone ever played minesweeper and actually won ? ? ? piece of shit lol	toxic
this is my fucking off period	toxic
you out your rabbit ass mind .	toxic
dont call josh 's lifestyle fuckery	toxic
grammy char is going down at the reunion bitches ! pow !	toxic
bitch you better let me see you	toxic
where the fuck is my movah	toxic
yea i kno but dudes game always make me smile and i can see right thru tht shit	toxic
whyy bf put his partyy on fb , noow imaa haavee to whoop some ass tmrw	toxic
he doesn 't fuck with me	toxic
be last time you ever talk to a bitch on the internet ! lol	toxic
everybody knew that shit but me -	toxic
"rt "" winnie sweet as shit"	toxic
fuck me and fuck windows movie maker .	toxic
i aint lazy i might as well do it at home shince i aint gone have shit else to do	toxic
i want to but fuckin tyler wasn 't thinking -	toxic
am i arsed ? am i fuck .	toxic
fuck you , i can do just - fucking - fine	toxic
hahahahah omg you 're retarded in a good way xd	toxic
what the fuck am i saying	toxic
time for some tennessee bbq after one crazy ass day ! ! ! !	toxic
ikrrrr how she gon talk all that shit and when the opportunity comes she dont fight back	toxic
hahahahaha i love you too my little whale bitch < 10 hahaha	toxic
funny though cuz the 78 st thing i said was dont fuck this guy up	toxic
f bitches get money ? ! i might see you at work	toxic
are you nuts ? well , my girl doesn 't like it , and i respect that	toxic
i dont eat that shit anyways	toxic
since when the fuck you have a twitter	toxic
i love you too , hope that i 'm not being an ass .	toxic
lol so thats how you be speaking to me now eh rt trillaaa shut the fuck up	toxic
i 'm ready ! bring it , bitch !	toxic
dude you are fucked up	toxic
fuck this , i 'm embracing the power of madonna !	toxic
lol i 'm just fuckin with ya !	toxic
lmao ! ! ! ' hahaha , yeah but its shit here l < 4	toxic
the musty girl is at school eating funyons , you just don 't give a fuck huh ? smh	toxic
restaurants and bars treat staff like shit man	toxic
just was in a car accident - great start to the fucking day	toxic
ohh lol yeah im down , its friday bruhh and im just punching the shit out of bob lol	toxic
arghhh dont get me started man lol fucking gorgeous she is	toxic
that dp fresh as shit tho	toxic
well we 've been playing shit this whole season , guess it 's a good thing	toxic
we gone give a party and we gone make it rain in that bitch son real talk	toxic
this is the most ridiculous shit i 've heard in years	toxic
it was hard to get along and to like you ! fuck !	toxic
i should have dropped her off cause i got shit to do	toxic
lol true shit but they shoulda brought sprint or teamed with verizon	toxic
shit i would watch it when i get home but damnit i gotta b back up there at 83	toxic
shit ! paano ako bababa , bro ? need daw dun sa right side ng stage , lol !	toxic
omg for reall ? ? * - * you 're so fucking sweet !	toxic
tell her to be ready at one i 'll go scoop her ass up .	toxic
she used to wack us with it when we were little shits lmao	toxic
what defeated the point ? fuck	toxic
aint shit , i know all the ladies get the invites to ish that 's poppin	toxic
your making shit up now so you can just say boom	toxic
damn idontknow what to order i 'm fucking high as fuck munchies ?	toxic
how the fuck you gonna tell whoever that is happy birthday before me ? ! ? ! ugh lol .	toxic
u not ready yo ass ho b hungry n sleep tryn to smoke	toxic
wow really ? he said tht to junsu ? fuck how can jyj still hate , damn ! ! !	toxic
haha bitch jus pardon my back	toxic
i honestly don 't give a fuck if i get married to a guy that can fix things	toxic
also i fuckin came from livas just too go .	toxic
< = she cute as shit , guys	toxic
"i know right but fuck an age im gonna work in a traphouse "" then your gona get arrested"	toxic
i hate guys with a bitch mouth sit the fuck down nigga	toxic
* ears perk up * what i miss what i miss ? imma nosy ass .	toxic
o shit it is all wonky too	toxic
what the fuck is your new number	toxic
oh shit , i almost sent the text i meant to send to karen to twitter	toxic
why would he need to if he 's holding that big ass gun in his lap ?	toxic
nigga i anit get bitched i just didn 't wanna hear all dat bullshit wit me in ur lil situation	toxic
on now ! funny funny funny funny shit is what it would be	toxic
lol mane that shit aint funny	toxic
lol when puberty hits he 's fucked	toxic
shit really about to start on some homework wbu ?	toxic
butt ass naked jus cuz its hot	toxic
where the fuck is my video ! ?	toxic
i wasn 't though you 're always putting yourself in someone elses shit and it 's fucking annoying	toxic
thank youu ! lol i knew i was going to get there fuck twitterjail ! !	toxic
fellas leave black women alone for one girls mistake	toxic
radiation tomorrow - time to start phase 21 of operation kick leukemia 's ass .	toxic
i need to get away from this fuckin madness	toxic
niggas and bitches smile in your face quick .	toxic
she 's into all this anime shit + julian casablancas	toxic
that 's one of the reasons i don 't like garbage rap that talks about shooting and fucking bitches	toxic
word ! its the niggas you fuck with !	toxic
once again my mom has fucked up my day , then she wonders why i don 't offer to babysit	toxic
but this bitch hurt you !	toxic
you asked for it and why the fuck did u change your bio bitch	toxic
hahahah sorry that was just for that stupid bitch	toxic
dont tell me to follow back bitch isaid iwould .	toxic
yea i 'm still in the wack ass field .	toxic
you know about santana - ai lool hes a fucking don	toxic
just had to get stubborn me off her lazy ass .	toxic
this phone a piece of shit i need a t - mobile phone !	toxic
i think the whole paparazzi business is fucked up ! they need to know when to stop !	toxic
chuckles let 's get ya some fuckin food then	toxic
haven 't seen you fucks yet ! ! ! !	toxic
basically , the jury and the voting process are biased and totally fucked .	toxic
let me promo it on my radio station , cunt	toxic
day five of not working because of the 14 network being all fucked	toxic
but i 'm a type of guy who doesn 't like hiding shit	toxic
hey , who the fuck erased my latest tweet ? ?	toxic
also , made my computer hot like a bitch .	toxic
i feel like shit ! i honestly feel like crying & it takes a lot to make me cry	toxic
think i live with her ass tf im always asking her grandparents for something !	toxic
people need to fucking think before saying shit .	toxic
i 've eaten so much meat i 'll be shitting like a hippo for weeks .	toxic
"wtf who started that "" sagg "" shit _ -"	toxic
fuck it , 3 ds fund axed in favour of upping tv budget	toxic
rt thank you to for that bomb ass food ! ! it was really good	toxic
shit let me in mysch then bro	toxic
* shudders * probably be like the fucking ring	toxic
it 's fuck , slow class lol	toxic
shit instantly gets me hyped and inspired	toxic
she don 't need that shit !	toxic
what type of shit is this , i 'm in a taxi haha	toxic
bitches on my dick cuz i look like justin bieber	toxic
girl , get yo ' ass on and talk to me ! p	toxic
where the fuck are my strawberry pop - tarts	toxic
why the fuck are you in my life ? ! -	toxic
my drink is comign fucking great	toxic
wewontlast if your clingy as helll & always up my ass , gimme some god damn space !	toxic
i just can 't explain this shit at all .	toxic
gotta get my life and shit together this shit aint no joke .	toxic
that 's a fucking lie i swear smh w	toxic
hey just wanted to say you bad ass mofo in the ufc win or lose lol	toxic
this shit a pj party - _ _ _ _ - thanks for the heads up	toxic
ha ' no i 'm not ! and fuck no	toxic
hell yea remember me on my bday lol that shit was funny ass hell	toxic
rt this janitor think she the shit	toxic
what you doing today stupid bitch	toxic
yaaaa bitch ! ! in my wiz voice and fuck you pay me face	toxic
hah wooooord you bout to come over here and have these nigga trippin	toxic
y 'all boys got that shit .	toxic
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this shit	toxic
blackpeoplehobbies makin sweet ass red kool - aid !	toxic
bitch that was last year !	toxic
i 'm so fucking happy there is no school tomorrow .	toxic
ya tall ass could hide behind a tree is you wanted to	toxic
there was no need for you to be a dick like you were .	toxic
nigga u better follow me back or im a smack the shit out ya lil ass real rap	toxic
lmao i 'm fuckin wit you homie lol aye do you ya know	toxic
but some shit happened last night kinda hurt but god will heal me < 57	toxic
exactly , but whats wrong with yo ass	toxic
fuck now my phone has a virus	toxic
sometimes , it 's a bitch to be a woman in this world .	toxic
o shit ya u goin up to foxwoods with franky huh	toxic
his bitch ass wuld never do dhat .	toxic
hehe that 's what ya get for going to france ya wee bitch	toxic
you must b out the shower but fuck it , baloons on me ?	toxic
* gasps seeing your eyes * who the fuck are you ! ?	toxic
who else thinks that ? fuckin	toxic
lol your welcome d when i get behind that wheel i just turn into a bad ass	toxic
you pussy ' ol ! how can we do anything with your nonsense memory	toxic
* gulp gulp gulp * i 'm drinking lik a mutha 'fuckin fish ! !	toxic
that is and like i said fuck it !	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with my phone !	toxic
oh shit , i might try a rinse first .	toxic
wot the fuck u mean u can 't go out !	toxic
unfortunately this bitch doesn 't like soda during track season	toxic
so why don 't you stop tweeting at me , and settle the fuck down .	toxic
its shit odds as well .	toxic
man he over here but i 'll grab a 55 and come fuck wit u	toxic
nah i 'ma pro dunn worry i can 't fuck up .	toxic
i agree with you , one of them already got her ass whopped lmao	toxic
the other day the wind broke my wind resistant umbrella ! piece of shit !	toxic
ahh shit dm me ? dnt let things get to u tho okkk just stay calm	toxic
thinks im a bitch ' all i said was that i wanted her to go away	toxic
like y 'all was the only ppl i fucked with and then y 'all was gone smh	toxic
4 fake tan bottles and they all decide to run out on me at once ! fuck	toxic
i 'm excited about harry potter and i don 't give a shit who knows !	toxic
no kashi bars but the venue 's serving red vines , popcorn , alcohol & shit	toxic
you aint gon do shit ! and you know how it goes when you home	toxic
portal 18 was fucking excellent	toxic
lol but shit who want it my nigga	toxic
psa get yo ass off twitter	toxic
there i 'm following you retard !	toxic
i was damn grossed out then i started laughing after a while	toxic
your point ? & suck my dick -	toxic
damn might resort wristcutting ! pow	toxic
mhmmmm ! ! fucking love that man ! < 98 x	toxic
lol stop doubtin it n jus make sure she on her shit !	toxic
if his pussy little car can handle it .	toxic
i really dont like that chicha boy ! ! fuck	toxic
i seen that , either he 's talking shit or farmo has filled me full of false hope ?	toxic
yup then i 'll unfollow you , just to be a bitch	toxic
but i 'm gonna wait until dick wakes up and ask him to take me home	toxic
ohhh shit , bitch i see you got you a freak mama on twitter	toxic
haha i know right i 'm nice ass fuck > , <	toxic
so what your telling me is regardless of the fact that you know the logical reaction your saying fuck it	toxic
i fucking love drunk people omg ! lol	toxic
i know tiffany isn 't talking shit with her nasty ass	toxic
man fuck ! celtics did a sry ass trade	toxic
when is orange juice not kosher for passover ? is there shit in there i dont know about ?	toxic
you best not mind bitch	toxic
not 96 much of shit	toxic
"you said "" 10 fucking hours ago"	toxic
one thing she speaks the truth about whorelena hoemez & she 's fuckin ' awesome	toxic
ima get a parrot that talks shit	toxic
yea nigga they fixed steves u want the same shit on it but fixed ?	toxic
oh fuck you 're a killer musician too |	toxic
ayyy thats why i fuck with you lol	toxic
damn aha , fuck ah probably wouldda did the same thing .	toxic
i 'm only on twitter to repl to your dumb ass	toxic
we 're fuckin vampires gerard ! ! >	toxic
this is actual true shit .	toxic
lol yeah but in ot right now relie i will fuck with you when i touch sd soil	toxic
the one with all that shit on her trunk hahahaha now its your turn	toxic
i would love a dogg ass meal cook by my girl but since i dont have one of those	toxic
fuck a lil sister i dont have those	toxic
of course i freak out when he 's talking about shit like this -	toxic
boy if you don 't hush with that shit	toxic
you 're not wrong , you 're just humourless cunts .	toxic
lol i aint do shit haha	toxic
lol damn that 's messed up	toxic
i 'm just a jealous bitch .	toxic
don 't fuckin melt today man	toxic
get yall asses up off that damn floor	toxic
well she was a bitch	toxic
shit im getting my day started like at 11 , imma text you imma be in hunters glen	toxic
heheh yes ! & what the fuck does undergarment mean ? x3	toxic
i sound like a fucking weather lady	toxic
that would be a tight ass show , we would be shitting on mob wives haha	toxic
yay i can finally retweeet your ass lol	toxic
& & he tweeting other females like heyy bae , or or < 71 just anyof that shit .	toxic
where the fuck you at ?	toxic
somebody please tell him who the fuck i is ! !	toxic
but my internet is shit -	toxic
it was sooo good , emily 's a bitch .	toxic
huh what the fuck dude ?	toxic
twitter is going to be shit 46 moro	toxic
fuckin idiots now they about to fight lol	toxic
shit my balls just droped ah he threw me against the wall	toxic
im not showin my ass just yet ,	toxic
bound to happen when you run away from the best thing that ever fucking happened to you .	toxic
what about that one nigga beez u used to fuck wit ? he was cool	toxic
if you say shit , you better do it	toxic
i would never fuck pubes	toxic
she 's okay , but i like her better in the second one when she kicks major ass .	toxic
omg girl , t mills is sooo fucking cute	toxic
u better follow me back for i swag ya ass and not in a good way	toxic
this bitch has legit , some huge swag	toxic
just one day you two don 't go at it lol rt - _ - that was sarcasm ass face	toxic
and talks shit and attention seeks .	toxic
lol but sanaa has a bad ass body ! !	toxic
lmao was good myy nigga < < < shit , how 's life ? ?	toxic
anyone else think this makes him sound like a cunt ? rev run wannabe ! coys	toxic
lol did you find her yet ? dumb dumbs	toxic
boy shit realer den a mufucka	toxic
i 'm copying and pasting the shit out of this essay	toxic
just give me the wig bitch	toxic
yeah , i fucking love it p	toxic
his fucking mouth isn 't dry they send us away	toxic
shit it 's my rdo , no gym ! ! lol	toxic
a girl like me aint never unloyal so idk what shit you talking bout lmao	toxic
what did she say ? other than ' fuck ' - what was the sentence ? lol	toxic
don 't take shit so personally dudes !	toxic
people bitch about how much it costs	toxic
i want to fuck her up ! !	toxic
but not for us cunts unfortunately ! < u worrying about hair loss as well ? or impotency ?	toxic
i 've done fuck all today , i 'm just not into it	toxic
how was da ass eatin contest ?	toxic
you gon ' make me fuck you up	toxic
bitch he 19 fuckin feet	toxic
shit me to what you gonna be drinking on	toxic
i kno right i don 't kno what the fuck i was doing though	toxic
the stupid guessing games ! who gives a shit where the little shit is .	toxic
really you guys need to get this shit together !	toxic
that 's wats up lol i bet she was mad as shit !	toxic
cus they end up chyllin with the ppl they talked shit about before .	toxic
rt my bitch got fans give em an autograph smh i love it tho	toxic
fuck ? ? what did i do for you to wanna smack me	toxic
gotta go do hw and shit -	toxic
nigga let me tell you lmao head ass	toxic
lol you like to point out today that you 're a bitch , don 't you ? xd	toxic
because you turn 76 , little pisshead	toxic
im i have no one to cake with and this nigga settin up days nshit lol	toxic
aww shit fasho i 'm gone be there hit me up	toxic
lol yeah that shit was so weird and random	toxic
sometimes auctions seriously try to fuck u in the ass !	toxic
ha i 'm just bored enough , i might do that shit lol	toxic
shit i got trapped behind the paywall already late for work - help	toxic
do what ? please say you arn 't doing shit to yourself	toxic
atl was da only movie and shit dat nigga music career dead so iono wat da hell u talkin bout	toxic
whos takin me to see scream 86 ? ? yes im a bitch when it comes to scary movies	toxic
she b makin up words n shit tho	toxic
fucking hell have you told you 're mum ? xxxxx	toxic
bahahaah he nto dat shit like he got money on da game	toxic
"expect too leave the session and announce "" you fucking suck at pilates "" ."	toxic
it was directed towards callin me a bitch	toxic
meet me n da streets its goin down last ones standing baddest bitch wins da crown	toxic
ya ! u don 't actually realise how fucked we are for the lc	toxic
aha , let 's see where this shit leads me too .	toxic
ain 't do that shit inna min , feeling like i 'm back .	toxic
if was me she would know how many fucking seeds are in jamaican kush	toxic
that is gonna be one sexy ass concert ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	toxic
get out of the fucking game ! ! ! he sucks !	toxic
bitch im not dumb i know who & what you talking thats tha difference	toxic
that would be cool and you have to go to paris ! i miss this fucking city lol	toxic
any guy who wears a bowtie is automatically on my shit list lol .	toxic
wtf ? ! oh shit that 's a	toxic
ohhhh no , look no 41 has a hard ass reputation around the neighboured like my sim p	toxic
he called the guy helping him an effin retard ! wtf , it was so uncalled for !	toxic
that 's when you know someone loves your ass !	toxic
u know you owe me a fuck right ?	toxic
wtf ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i jus clicked tht nasty shit	toxic
dora i liked that part too me bitch i wasnt done !	toxic
hats off to you for your efforts for japan ! kick ass !	toxic
ain 't that ol girl wit that chicken noodle soup shit	toxic
it was in 17 o he needs to get his ass back to making music	toxic
i understand & i didn 't even know shit was even going on but whatever now idec .	toxic
put some ranch i 'm getting the munchies i think i 'll have a rap bitch for my entree	toxic
lol i just been workin my ass off tired ass fuck	toxic
jim gotta down bitch , she ain 't no hater !	toxic
ayo go the fuck in ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	toxic
yo for real where this nigga at	toxic
lolz ! this is rustie it 's old but it 's fucking ace	toxic
there was so much shit going on with that movie , man	toxic
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime and shit	toxic
one of my potnas is a big ass sap	toxic
fuck me like you mean it .	toxic
the rumours are pretty shit , but the line up is out at 45	toxic
i missed the shit outta you ! !	toxic
i 'm so fucked this is bad	toxic
fuck up i wouldn 't kno that .	toxic
because their original intention wasn 't to fuck over bots , but make camping the nms less tedious	toxic
* comes with you * oh fuck yeah	toxic
yall niggahs so funny actin now days	toxic
but i was still pushing that shit ! ! ! lol imma get me a big ass truck	toxic
lol well those bitches are not all there .	toxic
lmao ! ! lol that would be some funny shit	toxic
shinee ? what ? no o _ o omfg fuck is it official ?	toxic
taking it easy fuck that ! ! winning	toxic
well i might be going to this fucking wizard movie alone	toxic
taking a ball to the face at football really fucking hurts , feels like my jaw is out of place	toxic
where you going ? and bored to fuck l	toxic
rt 5 thingsaboutme < - - - - - ill unfollow you ! take that shit to fb	toxic
that was stupid ass nyhir ! he had her all day i was at work	toxic
better to go $ pend money on a woman that u gonna actually have sex with than strip joint	toxic
yea gotta join my fellow pretties on the city so i hope ur bringing ur ass out too lol	toxic
i just find it fucking hilarious because i never got the chance to be one xd	toxic
your jealous cos i loves him and not you d go suck sum anus trist	toxic
haha oh shit you trippin haha	toxic
fuck themthey 're bitching at me about trs	toxic
look don 't fuck with me right now .	toxic
elle also kicks my ass at wwf .	toxic
and it 's easter so fuck no	toxic
i give up fuck you < 64	toxic
shit things going good just grindin	toxic
photoset yes yes , even in boots i m short as shit	toxic
lol sorry < 92 lol fuuuuuuu my alarms was on silent lol fuck	toxic
i want to try sumn new where idk nobody clear my mind off some shit ya kno	toxic
get the fuck off my facebook ? haha gtfomf	toxic
yo boy is a fucking lie mannnnn lol	toxic
cause he 's near shitting his pants ! rt why is right size smoothie guy always yelling ? !	toxic
this one bitch always seems to play on my phone around 2 am	toxic
is my best fucking friend	toxic
fuck me you like to tweet ! i 'm still getting a hang of it .	toxic
ye yu real late my nigga	toxic
man , people can be bitches sometimes	toxic
my fuckin back hurtin like a bitch ! - - your shell getting to heavy ? lmao	toxic
fuck ! i dm u the wrong stuff ! nvm don 't delete just add that behind	toxic
fuck ! * her clit pulsates beneath her fingers *	toxic
rt no wonder they threw an orange at your ass at dv , bobby brackins	toxic
okay , can we erase jessie j and have fergie release some new shit , thanks .	toxic
only the negative garbage rap	toxic
"i get on and u still talkin shit to ppl lol "" - - i kno man lol mybad"	toxic
shit is perfect when u coding with 26 eye open lol	toxic
rt i just dropped the phone on a patient - _ - fuck	toxic
tbh i thought true blood would be shit but i 'm addicted now	toxic
ronaldinho will appeal to most because of all the joga shit .	toxic
haha you just dont give a shit do you ! and yupp i am d youu ? d xx	toxic
i don 't fuck with that show the game at all	toxic
can i stick my dick in it ? ?	toxic
& it was a bitch ! hoe im not yo man dont ring my cellular that early !	toxic
you and jared can fuck off	toxic
enjoying this gloomy ass day ? lol	toxic
fuck if i know i just threw some letters up & it stuck	toxic
everything else , nothing but ass .	toxic
lol na i discovered dat wen my home girls were playin gogo knew some shit had to have happen lol	toxic
niggas shot at me an my lil bruh its over	toxic
that will never fucking happen , my man \ m	toxic
ain 't this bitch in school right now i already dumb as shit the least u could do is graduate	toxic
gonna end up telling her to fuck off soon !	toxic
ahahaha yea she is no rainbow shit lol >	toxic
lol i 'm jus fuckin wit u	toxic
kuss that nigga lyingg , i was high as hell bhut i ain 't do all 'lhat lol	toxic
shit chillin whats up with you bro how practice and school goin	toxic
i c ya out here wit ya hubby n shit u had a nice b day	toxic
like that fucking sugar ray song	toxic
what are you doing ? run ? ? ? twins bein a fake fuck & not answering ! ! !	toxic
passed the fuck out now i 'm back	toxic
yeaah , same shit , new day really , bored	toxic
and this ? lol rt shame on the no class , ho ass .	toxic
but hey , it 's the best way to lose some weight from my fatty ass btw xd	toxic
cheesinnnn lol how school and shit ?	toxic
omfg downtown stlouis was actually poppin last night ! i was so gone tho , everclear kicked my ass !	toxic
superfail shefollowsme rt i bet nicki minaj doesn 't even know who the fuckin fuck you are	toxic
shit never works out so i 'm stayin single forever	toxic
that awkward moment when a two faced bitch says she hates two faced bitches	toxic
yeh you really would your a nice female who fucked over you ?	toxic
mines around the 43 th , shit dude	toxic
< yeah but she 's making me feel like shit	toxic
haha lol you and your fucking rectum again ! !	toxic
"it 's all like "" holy shit must do this now ! "" * write random crap down *"	toxic
we should go to the mall and do ignorant hoodrat shit yo ?	toxic
yeuh im back in this secluded ass world of sub tweets and unfollows lol	toxic
basically rt thuglife rt fuck ! ! ! i have court today for riding dirty .	toxic
if i get that shit stuck in there i 'm going to find you , mate .	toxic
well said megan why are you being such a bitch to everyone ?	toxic
lil ass tried to attack me last night lol	toxic
i dont care what u have to say and is not my little bitch -	toxic
this bitch got ma jump drive & & she not answerin ma txt ! ima choke her ass	toxic
youuuu rt who ya grillin ya pic tho ? i ain 't takin that shit .	toxic
i wear heels bigger than your dick	toxic
so did i ! , and the close reading shit l , whoops	toxic
why aint you tweet a nigga lol	toxic
look in the mirror before you start saying stuff about your some butters ass guy !	toxic
i want to know why the fuck j2 weren 't talking plothole	toxic
why she 's a bitch xx	toxic
at home , why ? media is shit and i 'm knackered	toxic
fuck that i was going to	toxic
like that i 've seen people do crazy shit for that fucker , its just not healthy	toxic
shut yo skank ass up & get them cum stains off yo lips	toxic
i just told someone to fuck off on jezebel	toxic
i 'm back in the a , can a nigga get a table dance ?	toxic
i been telling dat shit all week rt damn i need a chop	toxic
apparently neither do universal motown records cause they aint promoting the shit .	toxic
simple as shit for that i hate you jody tweet , lmfaoo	toxic
lmfaoo they looked like those whiteboys in the x games doing flips n shit on espn	toxic
i 'm going to mute your ass - _ * u makin my eye twitch now be supportive	toxic
"lmfaoo now she texted me saying "" i want your ginger pussy and my choclate pussy together"	toxic
rt i feel like shooting some shit	toxic
she went in da weave store on sum baller type shit	toxic
i didn 't get the chance , yo ass was on the move .	toxic
damn and i gotta walk in this shit	toxic
nigga stop with this follow back shit ! !	toxic
that fye ass defense i played tonight >	toxic
what time u finishing your shit ?	toxic
the whole last 57 mins is pretty fucked up ! !	toxic
* late ass reply * lmfaoo he shoulda known that was gonna happen	toxic
fuckin ' eh ! whoresnops for life ! thanks for the warning !	toxic
damn whats up wit yall niggas dont yall know what the word save means lol	toxic
omg fuck yes ! haha dad gets home tomorrow morning so im sure he won 't mind us drinking d	toxic
complaining , and talkin bout this bitch	toxic
you 're tryna bash my cousin which is stupid	toxic
cuz u cant back ur wack ass up , smh at you boy	toxic
bitxches on my dick that used to brush me off in high school	toxic
that movie is really fucked up .	toxic
got my shit str8 out vietnam	toxic
you kicked our ass but we got further in the playoffs than you bitch haha	toxic
what u been u 46 wen u gonna be able 46 do shit again ? lbs	toxic
dude seriously why do you even bother fucking with me ?	toxic
why won 't we ? ima comt to russia just to kick your ass ! haha	toxic
bitch i did call in yo phone is stupid	toxic
at least you never walked in on them like idid legs open and shit i 'm scarred for life o	toxic
are you deaf ? it 's like a kesha fan going after mary j blige	toxic
tf you getting mad at me for nigga ! ! i was just saying	toxic
i am done and all rotten apples need to know whats is waiting for them wen fucking with me .	toxic
trying to make up things to be fucking thankful for ! lmao !	toxic
"you got your hair cut ? ? ? rebel i 'd be shitting itoh show us a pic """	toxic
i like this guy , but he 's kind of a ummm jack ass !	toxic
kick his ass - seriously ! ! how dare he treat u like that	toxic
then find myself gettin jumped fuck i look like lmfao	toxic
he say he beat yo ass all the time	toxic
make the labels want u forever and tell em kiss your ass .	toxic
them shits expensive , but they pretty as hell .	toxic
lol its not about male or female its about people , everybody lies about dumb shit sadbuttrue	toxic
spine tattooo ? seriously ? fuck outta heree	toxic
well u just created a shit storm ! ! lolol	toxic
i need to get my sweaty ass in the shower	toxic
asshole ! the fuck you 've been qone to lonq	toxic
what if ones a complete and utter bitch ? l you aint gunna love her then d xx	toxic
y u keep posting this shit on here	toxic
i get love but amber has made him fucking mushy and shit	toxic
han solo is a bitch ! no one calls han solo a bitch ! ! !	toxic
oh shit hold on lemme erase that for you thenn	toxic
i rather watch paint on a fuckin wall dry	toxic
holy shit ! trent reznor just won an oscar .	toxic
shit ill see wat i can do	toxic
it 's almost as annoying as this fucking slow broadband i 'm suffering through .	toxic
well shit give me 50 and i 'll be on the floor lol	toxic
then come talk to me about been a dick .	toxic
read that , its shit , but if youre bored then i dont think youl care	toxic
get it now ? check out the fucking blog already	toxic
mah letter was a load of random shit x	toxic
im trying but shit ain 't easy out here .	toxic
veda is a stone cold bitch in this movie	toxic
can i just say , how fucking good are heritage round jerseys	toxic
shit , there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .	toxic
is yo ' ass too cheap to drive	toxic
lol fuck that ! i 'm the one bitin !	toxic
shit i wish i was going to belfast	toxic
think of all the fun shit we 've done in a year ! amazing .	toxic
i 've got to kick it 's ass and get back to having some fun .	toxic
i 'm on chapter 7 of the first part cuz it was being an ass last night and yay d	toxic
doesn 't have shit to do with you .	toxic
fuckin crazy i love it cuz u can get all the og pokemon as well	toxic
my dad just came in and told me to turn my fucking music down cause hes going bed	toxic
it 's not my fault they 've got a shit job !	toxic
this job is starting to fuck with my ability to not hate everyone	toxic
wtf you just said you would	toxic
walking threw this wack ass park like we cant be touched	toxic
why the fuck is this song stuck in my head ? ! ? !	toxic
u funny as shit frm fb to this tom	toxic
how dare you diss the porsche ! i kick mad ass in them	toxic
some shit i dont have to deal with lmao	toxic
i hope she 's fucking happy .	toxic
i could have told u this shit lol	toxic
cuz u be getting mad at me over some dumb shit	toxic
if he doesn 't give a shit , then why should you ?	toxic
damn if i could i would fucking retweet this for like 20 times xddd <8	toxic
bitch tried to follow the wrong person .	toxic
i might , i can 't rush shit	toxic
i 'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to fuckin sleep	toxic
im nervous ass fuck tho .	toxic
there is a fucking formula ! ! !	toxic
this is so funcking annoying ! i 'm about to be a bitch like a big bitch	toxic
shit putting this music on my phone	toxic
that 's how we roll , alt as fuck	toxic
i just hit a jay , and forget about that shit .	toxic
calc 48 is a pain in the ass though	toxic
ooh shit i remember this song , it was a hit .	toxic
that shit is on the inside of the screen	toxic
see i was tryna form a truse but yu wanna stay with diddy 's wack ass ! smh lmao	toxic
i heard that shit work i just do my hands in different position	toxic
oh please get your ass online !	toxic
come on bring ya horny ass lol	toxic
the bitch has sold them for a pair of shoes - - over and over and over again .	toxic
you could ask her the same shit if she 's up this late too !	toxic
exactly , i mean providence isn 't shit , but isn 't exactly the backwoods lol	toxic
man tell her ass good fucking night ! ! ! lls	toxic
yes , i do , but i 'm not off fucking some other girl , either .	toxic
its not as if i 'm fucking going every day ? i went once	toxic
zack had tht dead rat and terrance saw it and scream aww shit !	toxic
i know l she 's been like that since the summer p but oh well fuck it	toxic
what the fuck just added me on facebook ?	toxic
i accidently stepped on my dog & she bit my toes ' , stupid bitch lmao	toxic
we 'll all just be jealous when you post pics of you guys at disneyland or some shit .	toxic
i just laugh at the shit now no need to stress	toxic
"naw bitch , it 's spelled "" u """	toxic
* sobs * i told you i fucked up its all my fault ! ! ! theyre never coming back	toxic
yea , it was a fun ass night , i think i met you an you were drunk already	toxic
im promoting you too deputy bitch .	toxic
i suck at it though	toxic
anything with your sweet ass last name !	toxic
im trying to keep my mentions clean keep your dirty ass out my mentions	toxic
bout to go ride either in landover or seat pleasant today , chill out with the guys n shit .	toxic
that nigga aint played the whole season , he 's not gonna have the impact nate robinson did	toxic
can i not go one day without fucking up ? * sighs *	toxic
it means i ain 't seen yo ass in 83 eva lol	toxic
shit i just did my housing yesterday	toxic
falcons made it , but then proceeded to get their asses handed to them	toxic
he just b taking to long for the simplest shit	toxic
and you like that cold shit huh ? ? haha	toxic
kind of i guess , still pretty shit	toxic
i fucking love you too ! <3 p	toxic
well shit t , i don 't want to annoy them	toxic
as far as the q situation they ain 't got they shit together	toxic
what the actual fuck , my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine	toxic
shit well at least you keep it 50 % about what you want	toxic
thatss why i havent been releasing alotta shit	toxic
fuck the girl i dont even see her at this point	toxic
suwoop ! the homie hooked it up with the shit , ima be all fucked up tomorrow	toxic
lmao naa yooo this random ass number called me on accident and now it won 't leave me aloneeee	toxic
shit i can 't answer my m2u challenge question	toxic
shit i will lol i 'm very observant	toxic
oh holy shit ! ! ! ! they are dating ! ! ! omg	toxic
shit we both doin da same thang ova time at da work shop nigga weekends da only free time sometimes	toxic
i have no fucking clue what this question is asking	toxic
me either ! april 13 needs to hurry the fuck up !	toxic
""" don 't fuck with the originals "" funny and scary movie"	toxic
bitch crazy ! rt lmfao ! ! u got to be kidding me with those rates	toxic
that must be a fucking joke	toxic
lls , that shit dnt wrk for me !	toxic
oh shit it is sunday o	toxic
a nigga who want gas money	toxic
ouch , i had no clue what a bitch	toxic
hahaha we started this gangsta shit	toxic
yep lol cause i just kno this shit gone bubble and you want suppose to tell everybody that lol	toxic
lol smmfh shit fuckn wit me u wont b a light weight for long lol	toxic
they built walls and buses out the ass ugh	toxic
and what happened to the red faced nigga	toxic
true and yeah , it is shit	toxic
awe man i hate shit like that	toxic
that mark dude on vt is fucking annoying .	toxic
some bitch is talking shit & that she 'll see her on the streets	toxic
it was really shit bearing in mind i have seen like every action and alien movie going	toxic
i hope i don 't bitch out gettin my nipples pierced lol	toxic
the hate is so strong right now , i 'm about to go super fuckin sayan on this place .	toxic
lol perfectly executed 30 min rant lol that shit was exemplar	toxic
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww shit i got a stalker	toxic
honestly idk all i hear is screaming and moving shit	toxic
i was so fucking pissed off .	toxic
your maths is like my chemistry situation , i know fuck	toxic
lame d i think i 'll shit myself with rage over this , hope your happy twitter	toxic
shit , u guys crack me up xd	toxic
"fuck is the "" ahhh "" for ? & what time ?"	toxic
to get shit faced in the mud and watch my chemical romance and two door cinema club	toxic
hell no that 's fuckin far ! i wish i knew somebody else w a fuckin car !	toxic
im tired of yo lil ass	toxic
i had the fl 14 producer edition and that shit got erased bc of a virus	toxic
lmao ! ! i 'm tall as fuck	toxic
shit , where are you from ?	toxic
but you cant mess with my shit b	toxic
never met a real bitch then	toxic
cause ifuk around and just start hatin yo ass ! lol	toxic
fuck you been ! ! havnt tlked to you in awhile ! imy bro	toxic
shit , getting slightly impatient waiting on people	toxic
holy shit ! ! the gas is $ 40	toxic
sometimes when i 'm in total silence my thoughts run wild and i think of some next shit \	toxic
where the fuck is and get on twitter you fucks !	toxic
i am fucked up with this summer course |	toxic
i wish he would bring me my fuckin phone back sheesh	toxic
good luck channing ! i have to work all fucking day so i 'm saying it now	toxic
yeah i don 't need a mind fuck ! i have real life women for that !	toxic
fuck now its raining in pg - _ -	toxic
bout to take a damn shower	toxic
is on some healthy shit and gave up pizza	toxic
one tree hell < 8 i 'll watch this shit till the end < 8	toxic
moe is gonna kick all our asses silentlystrong	toxic
my mother is a damn fucked up bitch .	toxic
i 'm bleaching the fuck out of it so it goes white d d d d ! x	toxic
why the fuck would i be having fun ? -	toxic
i 've worked with they ass and for them 21	toxic
* i jump , eyes shooting open * shit ! ah	toxic
is actually a friend of the family so get ur fucking facts right	toxic
okay you ole i fucks wit twitter now	toxic
the mother fucking man him self ! ! ! lakers	toxic
lmaooooo ! partyin here is shit .	toxic
just v bored of the same old shit	toxic
damn straight ! ! dd when you said it to me on saturday night i lost my shit	toxic
fuck that bish , why did nazi germany use number in the gun names ?	toxic
damn nigga , yo bitch ass still talkin huh ? i told you i got you	toxic
those of us who pay taxes don 't give a shit .	toxic
i cried like fuck because i couldn 't go	toxic
lol you won 't find my ass in houston .	toxic
oh hells no chris is cheating me ? ! lmao we got a weird ass marriaqe lmao	toxic
eww we dont fight over dick	toxic
ppl was talking about it was nice outside i got out of school and it was cold as shit	toxic
shit oc i 'm watchin ' too .	toxic
then woohyun suddenly drags l 's ass to the window and they start crying and yelling and reaching out	toxic
fck that how was ya wkend anyway bro .	toxic
if anyone dies it should be useless characters who do shit all .	toxic
keep that shit in a safe place	toxic
almost ripped my head off like shit ! smh .	toxic
not a damn thing ! do it now while you 're young	toxic
is there a fucking problem with that ?	toxic
"where my "" pisces "" women at ? love y 'all krazy ass ! !"	toxic
insinuating that adam is fucking a teenager is completely out of line .	toxic
your shitting on my heart .	toxic
and stop listening to rene soft ass	toxic
matt 's voice makes me so fucking happy .	toxic
say what dawg ? link that shit up !	toxic
orh , then you shit uh ?	toxic
lol , you know that shit is funny	toxic
lmao i aint coppin that shit	toxic
that sound like some blowed shit	toxic
cant fuckin wait til nationals sunday dawg	toxic
has already been making him feel like shit	toxic
it 's fucking hot as hell man	toxic
that grass fucked up my nose tho	toxic
we gotta write a essay to and this packet wit that weak ass book im on page 27	toxic
power rangers is dat shit well the old one wen i was little lol	toxic
like tonight he was all begging for forgiveness & shit	toxic
shit if i was perkins i 'd be hott too	toxic
shit tryn 78 see watchu had up 4 the weekened	toxic
mtrench just tweeted me ! ! ! ! go fucking look ! ! ! ! ! !	toxic
, but bitch i needa that smoke break	toxic
im to natural ? next time you see me i am going to be plastic + man up you pussy	toxic
imma delete that shit when she adds a picture ! real talk !	toxic
| chiara smiles trips over his foot shit	toxic
dont cry bitch laugh ! ! ! laugh ! ! ! ! just kidding	toxic
this bitch i use to know	toxic
suspiciouscookieoffering rt do you want a fucking cookie ?	toxic
lol them damn mosquitoes gone tear her up if she living in the country	toxic
get your ass to my house now	toxic
psh , i ain 't scared of no damn movie	toxic
i 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for ya ass	toxic
it 'll be shit tonight anyways !	toxic
sorreh ! we were on the move all the fuckin time , no time for internet -	toxic
lol u da one talm bout beatin my ass smdh	toxic
holy shit ! there not that bad ? i mean they could be worse .	toxic
until she started being a bitch	toxic
where he go ? my ass would of bn goin crazy by nw lol	toxic
nigga u don 't know shit bout basketball and u proved that the other day lol	toxic
its gon go crazy this shit already goin crazy we need a r & b singer you know anybody ?	toxic
you are a bitch haha .	toxic
lol forreal ? damn thanks for telling me that now smh that 's kool tho	toxic
you make me laugh so fucking much	toxic
this is why i don 't fuck wit nobody	toxic
"big time rush is fuckin game ! ! "" you know the words to that song don 't you"	toxic
lol , yeah this grown ass bxtch was tryna argue with me on the internet	toxic
oh fuck dat im takin all of mine !	toxic
i never talked shit about you tho or been unreal to your face	toxic
aww this nigga a hoe .	toxic
lol im not dealin wit that shit	toxic
we bout to stop by and talk to u on some real shit okay ? ?	toxic
i shit you not , i just found a tiny pair of glasses in my shoe .	toxic
what type of shit is this ! ! i love this phone but that 's a problem	toxic
- i 'm glad you now fully appreciate what a dumb , fake bitch she is .	toxic
we are the fucking oreo girls .	toxic
mane told a fatass hyperbole lol rt just got home from our game tired ass hell	toxic
fuck the chicken , why didn 't you turn the heater on ?	toxic
buut idk my sleep pattern is just all fucked upp	toxic
so i just out smarted and hoed yo ass	toxic
shit most of em live here lol	toxic
sadly , no one pays for shit .	toxic
yees ! but my fucking internet it 's not okay yet !	toxic
i had peeps over & that shit started	toxic
i would show u who the bitch is	toxic
if he found out some shit about the shop dude ? * nod *	toxic
bout to finish this comic i 'm reading & then watch shit on netflix till i fall asleep	toxic
fuck naah , on the m3 onway back home from london * yawn * why ?	toxic
ay i been supporting hard , warm contacts specifically i fuck with the snapback team tuff	toxic
yeah , but watching videos on my computer is shit ! it takes forever to load ! !	toxic
boi she was fucked up to da max , dats da move	toxic
all bullshit aside , i love ! she 's a fuckin show , b4 the actual show	toxic
will smash the shit out of a fly	toxic
you still hoin to another school ? & aw shit my mentions gone be crazy	toxic
it was a fuckin storm	toxic
it 's obvious that he 's gonna win ! lol i voted my ass off already d	toxic
your fucking icon i loooove it $	toxic
the process it takes to get the pussy gives headaches	toxic
no fucking idea , what you put her through	toxic
i think the whole farm your own shit would be cool	toxic
i wanna take shit to the next level	toxic
fuck it , i 'll tell em to raise the price if thats wachu want	toxic
but you 're fucking set for life !	toxic
lol fuck teamiphone its all about teamblackberry	toxic
i did da microwave shit bro it wks ! ! ! !	toxic
why the fuck would we do that ? haha	toxic
omg i really thought dat place was closed & shit	toxic
spell check is a bitch	toxic
oh shit last time that happened to me , turns out i had sprained my back .	toxic
bish u luucky grr i will find a way fuck never say never	toxic
hell no , hes ass now	toxic
i don 't fucking trust you .	toxic
tristan isn 't that bad ! i just fucking love matt lanter .	toxic
of fucking course , saroh is the best	toxic
oh shit you weren 't posed to see that	toxic
o damn it , this sickness is fucking annoying -	toxic
i 'm bouta tweet like shit until we pick upp at work	toxic
rt looking out this big ass window at this thunderstorm < - - thats so relaxing while smoking .	toxic
oh shit i see lil bra an on my tl lol	toxic
shut yo bitch ass up !	toxic
cdfu ! dat shit look like stress	toxic
but then he started playing houdini on my ass	toxic
trying step my shit up ! which also means in better results more lower cut & belly shrits d	toxic
omg then what would happen ! oh shit ! lol	toxic
you should be banned because you taste like shit !	toxic
goo bed ! your chatting shit right now , must be the sleep talkingg	toxic
well you should have fucked it up with the half and half	toxic
yeah , i gooogled that shit	toxic
aha the same i like to laugh and fucking excited to go to high school	toxic
yeah , like the bitch of vampire diaries	toxic
yeah , i hope she 'll stop with this shit	toxic
yes , these bitches be lying to themselves	toxic
awww fuck fuck fuck ! i wish rabobanks had better luck this tdf .	toxic
fuck , i didnt look at the whole site i only searched the shoes	toxic
if you do know better , well , don 't be a bitch	toxic
if i hit a old guy it 's gon start some new shit	toxic
lmfao hahahaha ! i wouldnt do that to ya lol someone woulda called 27 27 on ma ass lol	toxic
oh shit ! patton oswalt as eddie dean ? !	toxic
omg just had a banging ass chicken cutlet blt sandwich	toxic
if you lie on your dick you 're a bitch nigga straightup	toxic
idk when ass crack became cool but that shit needs to be put on lock	toxic
u put all ya old shit on ya new shit ?	toxic
damn girl you gone eat all of them lol	toxic
fuck wat u talkin , ima ask why if i want too lol	toxic
lmao rt i 'm a little down , ladies upload some ass shots on instagram	toxic
lol and ryan 's bench time , fuck he 's rude .	toxic
ill save you anyday , fuck you	toxic
i will , i fucking promise you steph	toxic
hotmail is also on the shit list for not actually working when i 'm on a time limit .	toxic
spoiled ass ! i 'm lucky if i get ramen noodles !	toxic
when michael mcintyre isn 't even making you laugh you know your current situation is shit	toxic
holy fuck i 'm so going	toxic
it 's gonna hurt like a bitch but i 'll be alright	toxic
was the shit then and always will be	toxic
why is this bitch in my mentions telling me i 'm thirsty ? it 's a joke bitch	toxic
she acts like a damn kid	toxic
lol they look like they 'll steal yo shit	toxic
stop taking shit on twitter so seriously and go outside or something	toxic
you know ima short nigga lol	toxic
you lucky im already full on some good ass bacalau	toxic
my son hard headed as shit	toxic
star jackson knows who she can fuck with and who she can 't	toxic
anyone with a footballing philosophy not relying on long ball shit and hoping on individual brilliance	toxic
my name is donn asshole or dk for short .	toxic
kenny must be shitting bricks haha	toxic
listenin to cee lo green - fuck you	toxic
shit i wish i could be like you	toxic
yeah , mm today is fucking day ! - _ - haha hbu ?	toxic
just kidding that was uncalled for youre an ass hole	toxic
well she better take that shit outside	toxic
guess wat ? ? ? ? i 'ont give ah fuck ! ! !	toxic
because youtube is being a bitch	toxic
o _ o - - - > rt my mouth just got all watery and shit	toxic
let 's fuck that pussy up together	toxic
i 'm almost sure my nigga sanchez was hittin ms	toxic
damn ey try to enjoy tha rest off the day thinkin off ya xo	toxic
lol nobody just feel like send this bitch up !	toxic
better not , i will bang your shit !	toxic
fuck your life ? ! im the one thats halfiing the calories !	toxic
fucking get anything you want on illium - smiles - glad you liked them .	toxic
i 'm going to go get fucked up the ass by a woman .	toxic
lmao no one wants that shit !	toxic
exactly thats what i said and everyone was like ahhh naw the whole shit knock	toxic
i 'm tired of the british monarchy always getting all the fucking awards	toxic
lmao i saw that shit	toxic
man what tha fuck is merge is that shit a meeting ? i keep seein ' that shit .	toxic
oh i wanted to call and bitch him out	toxic
i 'm lokkin ' 13 that app but i cannot find it fuck	toxic
i would lose my shit , and click ignore	toxic
aite hold on , downloadin shit .	toxic
i 'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests and shit	toxic
even my mans was like damn	toxic
cool we need all hands on dick i mean deck tonight ! !	toxic
my 14 th tweet goes to we are gunna kick ass tomorrow ! <3	toxic
isn 't the fuck supposed to be after the pizza ?	toxic
you think im joking , i swear that shit just help me so much lol	toxic
! but it 's supposed to rain & shit .	toxic
worried about you damn wats da deal ? ? ?	toxic
dnt let tht shit tht happened in yoo room get to yoo head boy	toxic
whiteonwhitehate rt ya everyone seems to be fucking with that kid	toxic
did you beat someones ass today ? lol	toxic
omg your fucking right ! he does look like liam ! d	toxic
not really i was just being an ass cause she wants to tell the world she 's on the rag	toxic
if you ask a gemini what their life goal is , they wont fucking know .	toxic
diggin in the crates , where the fuck is he would be amazed !	toxic
somebody do my shit too rt i got tha 95 ball if you do that english shit fa me	toxic
"been eatin swedish fish and twizzlers since 78 am "" < your crazzzy ass ."	toxic
fuck no ! ! ! i used to want to be a bug scientist lolz	toxic
cause her cousin is with her so she can 't come over i just think its all fucked up .	toxic
waka entertains the fuck outta me	toxic
have a safe flight and kick ass at the expo ! ! !	toxic
it should , but unless your hdd is failing because of physical issues , then you have shit luck .	toxic
holy shit ! ! jjust found dawn barbour on this ha l	toxic
bitch did you get my tweet	toxic
back in the day , you couldn 't even get away w this shit	toxic
shit me and you both .	toxic
at you local diner getting burgers and shakes wit coupons fuck that hoe	toxic
if lil b can make it , shit i 'm droppin ' out	toxic
you stole my heart , you bitch p xx	toxic
it seems like nicki manja is your idol fuck she doing to these young females fucking there heads up	toxic
shit , u can do wat u want u a grown lady	toxic
lol good shit but dawg read this !	toxic
she stole dumb shit from me	toxic
bitch because i just got back from texas so im going to spend the day sleeping with my mom bondingtime	toxic
can we atleast listen to gospel if its gonna be churchy shit ?	toxic
ever since aol did a merger with talktalk , my internet 's been shit .	toxic
alright , imma remember this shit lol	toxic
yeah its always likee tht , you , john , & them nasty hoes !	toxic
oh shit i thought u was from cali or something lol , wat part of queens ?	toxic
""" get a buzz & watch some 4 d shit , yeah ! ! !"	toxic
i bust my ass at work everyday , and these brokies out here are the ones living it upp smh	toxic
jlu ai dit you gotta be fuckin kiddin me way to start drama	toxic
these bitches done showed up early while i 'm n class	toxic
the dirty hoes was out today ,	toxic
my phone been running slow and shit lately , nigga doesn 't know what to do .	toxic
lol you know i used to beat you and ass all the time so don 't front	toxic
lol , your right about that 34 & i ate that shit everyday as well	toxic
get over chetan and mind your own shit lady	toxic
you fuckin better ! i miss you and i 'm having stefaniewithdrawals ! !	toxic
tf you got on that bitch	toxic
fuck that im there this year	toxic
whereas everyone else just sat there and laughed , shows how much you give a shit .	toxic
depends is a reg of hers ? or is he randomly telling her to do shit	toxic
aweee atleast your still talking shit about them lol how did you play ?	toxic
lol it 's big sean shit i thought the bar was hot sheesh	toxic
i 'm upset at the entire ghetto ass website .	toxic
i 'm away to clean cat shit and vomit	toxic
lmao fuck her u aint goin no wher and you will be my gary	toxic
wish i wasn 't so nice sometimes ! wish i could just let the inner bitch out	toxic
doesn 't mean it 's blocked , could just be fucked ?	toxic
getting hacked off with these dick heads linking their twitters and tumblrs to their facebook accounts	toxic
yeah , exactly , so there 's two reasons the bitch won 't hit you	toxic
about a child whos like possess his like in a coma and shit .	toxic
i don 't know how this wedding shit works .	toxic
aint shit gone make me smile but alotta food n sum dessert	toxic
you will never catch me living in a crickety ass house .	toxic
the shit you just said !	toxic
lol that old man was funny as hell too i 'll beat both of ya ass like ya stole somthin	toxic
just tell me to fucking suck it up and push through it .	toxic
fuck i just lost the game .	toxic
damn girl well just stay up just to see how long you can make it lol	toxic
"what u kno bout it ? qt "" gucci bandana used to be my shit !"	toxic
i heard you & yuur sister tlkinn shit or subtweetinn about my twinnn .	toxic
look everyone they 're selling weak ass blackberry 's at walmart ! ! ! >>	toxic
nope , im 55 , will it shit me up and is it scary | | | ?	toxic
aww shit i just woke up ! its bout to be smoking time ! ! ! ! ! !	toxic
lmao omg that bieber love story u told me to read is long as shit !	toxic
reading and leeds looks shit this year , you should all go to long division instead	toxic
yea so stop talkn shit bout the school	toxic
only if you get off his dick	toxic
wait how am i fake , what did i do your ass ! ?	toxic
now if yo ass don 't cut the shit	toxic
nice to know that a person i follow is a fucking piece of scum	toxic
people wear some ugly shit to bed	toxic
at some park under a shelter , chillin not doing shit as usual , wyatt ? rt lol wya ?	toxic
that feels better ! seriously , i wouldn 't fuck her with my worst enemies dick ! hahahahaha !	toxic
now phatz dat nigga can sing u gota get hipped	toxic
man it ain 't like that bro you know it shit man i 'm struggling	toxic
they get on my damn nerves in here .	toxic
your subtweets be obvious as shit lmao .	toxic
i do they give me a shit load of hours !	toxic
lol aw thats cute i see you tweetin and shit !	toxic
in a bad way like she ties her hair up with a scarf dat type of shit	toxic
he says he can 't have anymore dude he 's being an ass	toxic
damn trice now i 'm lonely	toxic
right smh imma just have 29 come bust ya ass in some 29 lol	toxic
aint shit new to me done seen it all b4	toxic
ikr * crazy ass fools in love ! aha	toxic
wow do it tell u where its being sent from , like aol or some shit like that	toxic
smashing this subway i 'm fucking starving	toxic
even if at times her ass makes me think dirty about her lol	toxic
fuck that man nah we need him in the ground today ! enough is enough !	toxic
unless there 's a shit storm when k gets back from dropping off the kid	toxic
fuck driving my sister to student council early .	toxic
you look like you have a dick	toxic
he was scared as shit	toxic
"without thinkin n forgetting who on the fone i say "" i dont give a fuck "" lmao"	toxic
yes ! it was fucking amazing ! <3 <3	toxic
they all talk shit on it haha , i haven 't a clue what to do !	toxic
haha xd call my phone ! i cant find the bitch .	toxic
sick ! rt come out of my ass	toxic
he betta sit his ass allll the way down	toxic
"* draco scowls , "" pouting ? ungrateful bitch ! "" he muters *"	toxic
shit , tomorrow is friday , where has the week gone !	toxic
lol fun from the shit i remember	toxic
i was being sarcastin cunts - _ -	toxic
! ! ! ! its overrer ! ! ! rt tru shit u right ! ! !	toxic
how to do that * * * i alteady know jow to dougie bitch ! jb taught ma !	toxic
don 't make my dick rise	toxic
hell to the fucking yes d	toxic
if ur bad bitch and a nigga ain 't saved u yet	toxic
go solo you cunt <8	toxic
its shit innit ? i 'm so glad that i 've got my own money which i 've earnt myself	toxic
i love how andy is saying his last name now d you fucking legend , man !	toxic
s but honestly its hard as fuck ! if i could , i would	toxic
nahhh i wasn 't bored xd duuuude liverpool kicked man utd 's ass 5 nil xd	toxic
fuck it ? rt everyone could just come to my house but fuck it .	toxic
"text from my brother "" i feel the need to be absolutely clear about this fuck the royal wedding ."	toxic
have you read the twilight ' series ' ? worst shit i 've ever seen published	toxic
mandla - kindly fuck off please	toxic
shit watchin tv sober af	toxic
oh shit , the temptations is on tv	toxic
shit like that will cause a revolution .	toxic
- winks and shakes ass at you -	toxic
i gotta let a bitch have it ?	toxic
whys that no going away ! ? whore .	toxic
whoever hit & run my car , karmas a bitch ! ! !	toxic
alot o rumors ! ! ! ! ugh bitch hurt another amazing boy ? > |	toxic
lolol alcoholic my ass , i just got into this shittt	toxic
half them niggas are dick riders	toxic
clips4sale is so fucking corrupt	toxic
know damn well he dont know your ass , shame .	toxic
hell yeah you better get my bro his italian ass he a ghetto italian doe ! !	toxic
you was acting like a big ass when you came , i shudda pushed yo ass down them steps !	toxic
hearing me say you 're gonna be fucking dead in about 15 minutes would freak her out	toxic
lmao ha u sound like a hater man lol rt that 's what kg punk ass get	toxic
i 'm not a fucking cockney !	toxic
"highly doubt it "" well i will beat your ass in black ops tomorrow !"	toxic
you did that just to be a smart ass	toxic
people at work are doing my fucking nut in	toxic
that sheet was confusin too like shit lol	toxic
niggas is crazy you can 't trust em provenfact	toxic
- o bitch , shes the ugliest one !	toxic
lmaoo i be thinkin of alot of shit & ppl dont see it that way sometimes	toxic
it 's come to my attention fans are givin ' tommy shit	toxic
this shit is fiiiiiireeee i don 't like the taste of fanta	toxic
thank you ! ! ! put that shit on my boobs or something lol	toxic
rt rt lmaoooooo it was so fuckin hilarious whenifirstmet - lmaooo smd | lmao mad !	toxic
lol u been cheating nd shit	toxic
fuck yea go the doggies !	toxic
new balls deep me saying horrible shit about the nfl owners	toxic
just facetimed my sister w her dumb ass .	toxic
shut up ! ! ! ! ! everytime i see u tweet i just wanna beat yo ass	toxic
"opperation "" get michael drunk so i can fuck him in the back room "" is on a go"	toxic
he said you were bieng a dick .	toxic
boston is annoying as fuck but i miss my homies	toxic
i definitely relate to that gangsta shit lol	toxic
cool cool , there 's so much other shit u will like about your phone ! get sbsettings dawg	toxic
lol , let me know if her ass is real first lol ! ! nohomo	toxic
* laughs and playfully presses my ass against you , teasing you before walking off *	toxic
wait , you said 88 rd ? ? and ugly ? a noshit ! lol asjdmgjlmno	toxic
yea right its kuz ur ass is mean	toxic
this shit is getting out of hand	toxic
i want her ugly ass to get back here and balance that damned budget ! lls	toxic
shit im hatin tmobile right now .	toxic
some man just got stabbed in town ! o shit	toxic
my middle finger hurts like a mother fuck .	toxic
the foam posits , air maxs or some new shit	toxic
i just want to fucking hug someone and cry my fucking ass off .	toxic
it 's okay friend me & you both know that shit ain 't true !	toxic
sounds like a nice ass outfit .	toxic
gotta keep that entitlement shit going now , don 't we ?	toxic
oh shit , i think i scarred that over .	toxic
aye don 't get smart wit me becuz i asked a question shit	toxic
so shut up bitch until im done	toxic
that would be fucking awesome lol	toxic
why didn 't you like my new pic bitch ? i 'm done with you !	toxic
i missed this but assume you tweeted them ? you little bitch	toxic
just fuck off and leave me alone	toxic
look down my fucking profile there all about aiden !	toxic
it 's not that your memory is shit you prob just repressed that one haha p	toxic
yeah she can but she aint got shit on me though .	toxic
hot as fuck , but i have alot of friends here now .	toxic
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that shit is hoooooot !"	toxic
lip rings are so trashy	toxic
im talking alot of shit ! but best believe i mean it !	toxic
let me find out ur cheating on me with a female .	toxic
i need to take my ass to sleep so im well rested for tomorrow bt i cant sleep smh	toxic
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair long as shit what yu need tracs for	toxic
it 's really a pain in the ass for us	toxic
i know it 's nice as shit out here i 'm bout to take khia to the park	toxic
yes i do believe it you fat twat	toxic
cant believe the shit i just heard	toxic
all of the above but i ate lol u got class & shit today ?	toxic
"take ur ass too bed than ashley "" !"	toxic
yeah i understand just continue being strong and keep up the good work fuck the babydaddy your better without him	toxic
hey did u know is fucking funny ? told ya he ain 't just hot ! ! totalpackage	toxic
you eva go night night nigga ? !	toxic
i wanna qet fucked up toniqht !	toxic
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this shit .	toxic
the night , i had school and stuff today , so i was busy with shit .	toxic
good shit rt oooo interestings , i like his work , good stuff	toxic
i do not want to start shit on that website with my name on it	toxic
i think it 's only if you sign some data plan shit	toxic
man we been busy as shit	toxic
but they had marathon on sunday and wow they deal with some mean ass people	toxic
what about my fucking children ?	toxic
bitch read your own tweets and stop sipping that deluded tea .	toxic
they were reading bible versus all loud and shit	toxic
take yo ass to sleeep ! ! ! lol	toxic
it 's a fucking good day	toxic
holy shit ! i just seen a spider bigger than my hand run up my wall	toxic
cuz you say shit that i always say in my head , but not outloud .	toxic
u know it i don 't jus wake up and talk shit to people lol	toxic
she failed the first time then passed today , massive fuckin 38 x4 , black one ! beaaauuutiful ! xx	toxic
i just wanna know what the fuck happened to my medicine ? ? ?	toxic
who the fuck you think you tlkin too i spell it how i want too punk	toxic
i fucking will abracadabra bitch ! dont rush me ! !	toxic
lmaoo i 'm nervous bout 57 somes too bitch i dnt think i could do it	toxic
nah yu seen how i act n public sober n shit	toxic
now get your ass off of me ! ! ! xd	toxic
that awkward moment when zach would want a whole fucking taco bar .	toxic
i have a huge sore on my back , and it fucking hurts like a bitch	toxic
need to get out of bed and start sorting some shit outtt	toxic
i just got a mental image of with a big - ass pair of bolt cutters	toxic
this niggah gon try & say he 60	toxic
i bet that bitch sleeps till noon	toxic
i laugh & spit on your shit	toxic
kinda but shit im ready for a relationship now !	toxic
that is a fucking good guy , and a hell of an artist !	toxic
go take a shower you nasty bitch lol .	toxic
i bet he rides round manchester in a big fuck off range rover just monging out .	toxic
lol i didn 't start with yo pretty ass eyes	toxic
ohh the boys club that shit be jumpin again	toxic
now i know i dont know you but damn you keyed the nigga car	toxic
ergh - _ - they 're fucking up my hard work haha	toxic
shit was on the news i heard	toxic
its a sign for me to stop you asswipe	toxic
if the price is right , he 'll be your bitch all night long lol	toxic
lmao right , the fuck , i need some motivation today	toxic
u want me to look crazy ? lol this bitch gonna be on the news and shit	toxic
they got the booths where u can sit and order bottles and shit	toxic
nigga u the next weedhead and shit lmao	toxic
if you don 't have haters you ain 't doing shit right bossman .	toxic
wanna fuck ? check out this site to meet with sexy singles guaranteed !	toxic
a bitch need some snacks .	toxic
shit be live over there lol	toxic
the shit i just took reminded me of how much i miss your face .	toxic
that 's that shit that drives me crazy	toxic
you need your ass whopped !	toxic
oh yah were bad ass all the way	toxic
fuck him ! he walks pass me like he don 't fucking know me !	toxic
baddest bitch yet though ? who the fuck	toxic
fuck you give me a break and help me for once ! !	toxic
bitch your lying ! ! ahhaha add me so i can deny ur ass ! ! hahahahhahah jk xd	toxic
where the heck you been fake ass ?	toxic
boy im bored as fuck .	toxic
don 't fucking mention me in ur tweets bitch	toxic
but they got fucked up by money	toxic
where are all the fucking people ? !	toxic
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect your ass	toxic
okay yeah that shit went too hard	toxic
don 't u kid kid me bitch	toxic
that mixtape was just him rappung on other rappers beats bt2 is his own shit	toxic
bitch make me ! i do what ? i 'm confused - _ -	toxic
o rt my mom says nigga more than i do	toxic
gab his ass for all i care	toxic
well my legs gon get to fucking up lol it can still the size it is for now	toxic
but are the main ones fucking up	toxic
fuck off you little cunt	toxic
awwwww hell noo im not convertin dis new tob fuck dattttttttttttttttttttttt	toxic
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross shit	toxic
i 'll kick yo ' ass in the morning biaaaatch	toxic
this shit has been bothering me for a while .	toxic
suspenders are the shit ! i have at least three pairs	toxic
you 're just bored as fuck , just like me .	toxic
and i 'm tired as fuck	toxic
wait , fuck off , or get it from somewhere else !	toxic
his shit is horrible , ive heard songs from that arent that bad .	toxic
that 's so fucking , i don 't wanna go to uni yet then ! ! d	toxic
i misss you already goof ass hoe	toxic
she is fucking adorable and i can 't get over how much she looks like you !	toxic
damn when yo spring break ? i 'm finna be outta school & shit	toxic
employ more fucking staff ! ! simple .	toxic
them bitches was high as hell smh .	toxic
we like the same shit .	toxic
no respect from the bitches ?	toxic
have her as mad as shit in vabeach	toxic
enoughisenough with this ass lol .	toxic
if jesus wanted you to suck him off , would you do it ?	toxic
nd then when u say forget it they say i want to know ! nd ur like bitch move on	toxic
nigga i knew wht the f * ck i said lol	toxic
i wish this shit would happen to me .	toxic
all it would do is pass me the fuck out , lmao .	toxic
u know i 'm right hoe ! ! u dont like what i post don 't read it bitch	toxic
oh auight i gotta new english teacher and shit ! ! ! lol	toxic
if you got the balls to drink tigerblood then	toxic
i kno trust me i 'll neva 97 get that shit	toxic
"i love you ! but damn nigga you make me wanna cheat sometimes "" aint that the truth !"	toxic
accidents fucking happen in the wrong period of time	toxic
that 's fucked up , rude , stupid , & unprofessional of her	toxic
right - don 't shit yourselves thinking it 's later than what it is but	toxic
i 'm constantly surprised by the amount of dubious shit my cousins that age get up to .	toxic
youre one of the sexiest bitches i know	toxic
ok let 's fuckin review for the idiot	toxic
ion fuck with them lol i dont think	toxic
i love you cause your ass is kicking awesome ?	toxic
come fuck with them ymboyz	toxic
fuck you you hoe i don 't want you back !	toxic
lmaoooo like shit ! ! ! im not surprised ! ! !	toxic
stop hidin behind ur comp and be about sumthin u lame ass bitch	toxic
why the fuck is planning her funeral ? !	toxic
lmao shit i woulda did that shit	toxic
what did god do on sundays ? so fucking bored	toxic
* winces * fuck , darling , i 'm going to be 94 in two years .	toxic
uuu bold ass hell for that one but if thats how u feel	toxic
* you dnt come at me you dick * ahahahaha ummm ok !	toxic
that shit wasn 't real wtf ? you have the same fuckin problems	toxic
but who the fuck cares ?	toxic
wooohoo ! ! have fun fucking ryan ! don 't make too much mess ! xx	toxic
not shit though just trying to have some fun	toxic
fuck it i didn 't want it anyways x	toxic
and then she brought him in class and kept talking about her house like anyone gave a shit .	toxic
rt fuck yes gwen is releasing new music in march !	toxic
im not even gone argue wit yo broke ass i slap the shit out you	toxic
you just like deaded my shit .	toxic
fucks are never given with me so yes we cool lol	toxic
if she ain 't the biggest airhead	toxic
im soo fucken excited for work today	toxic
won on the horses and lost my fucking betting slip ! ! ! ! ! ! gutted ! ! !	toxic
wasn 't trying to be a smart - ass though it does tend to happen	toxic
you already know bitch you 've seen the closet .	toxic
you just havin one of those shit nights ? coz you seem a bit down - ish .	toxic
i do know how shit parking at stations can be , but let me explain my view p	toxic
you still fuckin wit us next week nephew	toxic
- i was qone delete this shit , i hustled too hard .	toxic
smoke spinach ? uhh mix that shit with the kush	toxic
i am being nice ! i 'm not a bitch like other people are	toxic
dear baddest bitch , you seem to have left a bottle in lay 's car	toxic
i wanna see that movie about the cute lil guy that shits jelly beans	toxic
idk if i should drink this early fuck it ! -	toxic
that shit hurt ! lol my right arm is the worst	toxic
i 'd yell fucking jocks but i 'm the manliest dude there	toxic
having loads of followers and being a total dick thataintwinning	toxic
yea ! my nigga on my team	toxic
shit bruh in this class bout to head to work	toxic
if i had a brother i would neverrrr live that shit down	toxic
"look how your typing smh your "" 19 "" learn how to fuckin type and spell"	toxic
shoulda thought about tht yesterday when you fucked up	toxic
i think you 've worn everything except for the shit i bought you here	toxic
lmao if it wasn 't a mission ill fuck wit it but thats dead i rather stay around my end	toxic
& they were all shit - talkers .	toxic
tryna follow your big ass footsteps ! besides that , just chillin .	toxic
ohh shit ! got any pictures ? haha	toxic
irn bru ! ? fuck , i thought that was dead	toxic
now bitch you know that 's a damn lie	toxic
pills ? why , you have no chemical imbalance just a stick up your ass and chip on your shoulder	toxic
i wish i could do that wit my pop but i really don 't fuck wit bul anynore	toxic
bra kobe hasnt always been like the he was playful and shit too .	toxic
i don 't even keep count of that shit	toxic
"moms told me "" only thing you should be stressin , is gettin some pussy "" i love her doee"	toxic
we bust and and jaylin ass	toxic
there are pictures of niggas and bitches and they business is all out .	toxic
yeah your pretty and all but your ugly inside hoe .	toxic
i don 't want them bitches to have they face covered	toxic
i want to ! but my cousin is always on my ass about my appearance .	toxic
this time shes dressed as a airhostess , the kinky bitch !	toxic
i wanna get fucked up tho	toxic
i pay for my own shit off of a juiceshop salary	toxic
not my job then call moms shell order my shit	toxic
bitch ! i want kiwi spoon !	toxic
or you can get the vegetarian option if you 're a pussy p which is a bit more expensive	toxic
holy shit ! haha , nuts up here mate ! what was the game like ?	toxic
< - - - - - doesn 't give a fuck about greek life	toxic
fucking hell where r u .	toxic
lol rt no shit me too	toxic
everytime a nigga get disrespected by a female , the insults always start wit little	toxic
no shit ? ? ! ! when da mixtape droppin ?	toxic
nothing at all just bored shit to do ! ! ! !	toxic
listening to all the good shit .	toxic
hell yeah its been 48 hrs i been waiting for this bitch to upload .	toxic
the back door of my house is going to be busy as fuck this spring break .	toxic
boutta whip ass in some late night fifa .	toxic
he just put that shit on the cd case .	toxic
pilotwings and shit do not belong in the same sentence .	toxic
bitches be jealous of our sexy sexy tweets .	toxic
i wana be wit you for as long as we can stand eachovas bull shit .	toxic
i was bout to say somrthing bout that , see everytime u talk shit about lebron the lakers lose	toxic
some day nascar will need to take their collective heads out the sand or from up their ass	toxic
indeeed , igota scan my shit now	toxic
yeah leave it there girl and don 't let anyone fuck you over	toxic
because every fucking thing i see on facebook makes me sad i couldn 't help it .	toxic
im shit at spanish ! xxx p	toxic
i don 't understand this shit	toxic
good turn it around for the better fuck the past be focus on a way better future	toxic
i 'm shit with confusing films !	toxic
i was going to watch never say never , but then i found out that shit isn 't real	toxic
fuck thatttt , dancing for me every night d lmfaoooo	toxic
wtf is lls , lbs , ctfu , dis shit gettin out of hand lol	toxic
ohh shit im fucking with that	toxic
he just chats shit all the time	toxic
fucking hell paige thats well good ! xxxxxx	toxic
thats what his ass get .	toxic
oh that is true omg that is ahahaha so fucking ture the orange ppl were giants oh shit omg	toxic
so you uninstalled a camera that 's installed in your computer now how 'd you manage that shit	toxic
lmmfao fuck it take one for the team	toxic
rt i swear lemonade is the fuckn best handsdown	toxic
i ain 't dark like leo ass	toxic
a big ass difference between the 58 ! ! !	toxic
i ain 't bought shit either	toxic
and all alabama fans are bitches real talk	toxic
lol naw kev just gotta let muh fuckas know	toxic
this shit right here ! ! ! never gonna be gone	toxic
you have a new nickname bitch	toxic
you need to take yo ass to bed bru	toxic
complex gt me fucked up ! i 'mjussayin why	toxic
cause he does x he like yell at me and shit ! freaakin hate him	toxic
just go the fuck away .	toxic
this week was such a pain in the ass , lol .	toxic
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay , shit , i can 't wait !	toxic
put your headphones in ? haha little shit	toxic
that shit would be comedy .	toxic
they won 't give a fuck	toxic
i 'm halfway done with her crazy ass , and refuse to start from scratch	toxic
how would u feel if u saw shit like that u would be mad to	toxic
not disrespectful at all the other bitch shoulda played her cards right	toxic
that yo ass should of just walked to dennys lol	toxic
alriht thinkin bout getting back on just school and shit	toxic
gettin shipped again , shits crazy	toxic
it 's cool yu won 't get shit next year .	toxic
shit bout to get me somethin to eat an take this car to the dealership	toxic
"& you need to stop that "" get it got it good "" shit lol"	toxic
yes it would p lots more time to do shit i actually wanted to do	toxic
i cant wait to get the fuck out of sd	toxic
you talk a lot of shit but yeah i do	toxic
damn i got it all messed up	toxic
rt funnyyyyyyy - fuck i look like kevin hart bih ? lol	toxic
holy shit haha damnnnnn you should go again next time ! d try to bring matthew with you !	toxic
where the fuck yoooouuuu been at ?	toxic
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this bullshit with me	toxic
am i the only one that thinks buttering waffles is a pain in the ass sometimes	toxic
damn and you actually do , and why you fuck with them buster ass lakers ?	toxic
lol bro chill nigga that person was talking shit if yu forgot	toxic
yeah , i googled that shit !	toxic
chelsea need to stop losing to shit teams like wolves , sunderland and liverpool for that to happen .	toxic
man this shit is gettin wiild over here lol .	toxic
just leave fuck boy alone	toxic
cause you stopped fucking with me	toxic
and corey up there laughing nshit	toxic
thats what he does , he never makes shit up just uses everyone elses .	toxic
and you always tell me to not give a fuck about what people say .	toxic
i exchange my bad habits for a habit and maybe he 'll come murder me	toxic
im talkin about the text wth the ghetto ass timnisha !	toxic
wat was the cursing fucking about ?	toxic
ewwww , bitch dont u dare to do naughty things in my bed , or my pool o lmfaoooo '	toxic
then the second time there was aloud ass noise in the background .	toxic
its ciara larason jondelle and get that shit right hoe	toxic
i don 't give a shit about it	toxic
i say the only time its even close to acceptable is if a bitch is pointing a gun at u	toxic
i 'm telling you shit too tough	toxic
tom is bad as fuck .	toxic
- grins - i hear yall have a small girl army rallied to find the bitch	toxic
did i win the tight ass award or was that for this pear girl ?	toxic
lol foreal though ! rt take yo ass to sleep	toxic
and i still haven 't fucking eaten	toxic
damn 38 years ? i 'm never gon catch up	toxic
tyga can go get eaten by a tiger , he sucks daddy dick	toxic
you got home fast as shit	toxic
bitch when werent you in love lol	toxic
with your baggy ass cheap 94 cent pair of sweatpants !	toxic
she the poster girl for peta hair bitch	toxic
day pole shit was tuff ! !	toxic
that shit always won me over .	toxic
really really fucking good * he bites his lip * s - sorry	toxic
who wants to see your fucked up elbow ? lmaoo .	toxic
i really like the pic tho smart ass .	toxic
yeahh fuck you for waking me up	toxic
we get high as fuck then we just do it put ya nikes on	toxic
lmao maze is high as fuck lol	toxic
whatcha doing today you big fat curly headed fuck ?	toxic
i need to be working a a record label or some shit .	toxic
is my favorite person to retweet ! she follows weird shit ! p	toxic
wtf ! have u looked in the mirror ! u look like a fuckking troll bitch .	toxic
when u gon fuck wit ya boy son	toxic
awww shit well lemme hear it when you do it	toxic
yo u a greedy fukkn bitch son	toxic
shit i 'm from the midwest gotdammit	toxic
fuck dat hoe she ain 't got shit on me	toxic
hahaha ! ! ! ! ikfr i know fucking right ahhhh i just love d	toxic
but u got barrz 10 fuckin lyfe 10 mayweather voice	toxic
bout to fuck my diet up today .	toxic
good shit my boy ! i knew you would make that joint into a hit	toxic
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me suck ya juice box	toxic
loll your mom is a g	toxic
u inspired most of this shit	toxic
rt gorilla bitch get me a soda	toxic
mm f - fuck * i close my eyes and lean my head back *	toxic
grr all commodores have shit resale till they hit about that 65 k mark then they sit there for ever	toxic
will u get me a wedding dress aswell coz france peoples fashion sense is shit	toxic
well uf better get the fuck ready for us	toxic
fuck fuck omg i wanted to talk to you on fb then you went offline	toxic
i not here for beyhoece 's broke ass	toxic
hahah i do that shit goes hard	toxic
they have me in this huge ass rental that i too crashed that	toxic
* throws confetti & dances in it * i 'ma smart bitch , i 'ma geek	toxic
dont rub it in lol , whats some good fun shit for the phone lol	toxic
i 've always wondered , do you really smoke or do you fake shit like this .	toxic
nd she got the fuckin nerve to say no smfh	toxic
my leg hurts like a bitch .	toxic
don 't you hate when you click on a link and a damn pop - up comes up ?	toxic
anyway , in what way did you fuck up your hand ?	toxic
you learn something new on twitter everyday ! i love you sick fucks !	toxic
uhuh i dinny need to take him a chocolate rabbit tomorrow now he got five , greedy shit .	toxic
i can that shit even when he smile	toxic
but i aint doin shit really working on mixes	toxic
nawl if anything beat a nigga ass	toxic
i feel like shit all over again	toxic
are both of you going tonight ? where the fuck am i getting this monet from ? hahah	toxic
you 've shouted me out and ff 'd the shit out of me d	toxic
i 'm in galveston and ain 't do shit about it lol	toxic
better stop that shit before i have to start reciprocating all over the place	toxic
still a boring ass tv show	toxic
itssadwhen you got whiskey dick actually that 's a epicfail	toxic
- walking to your car , gets startled by a squirrel - oh shit ! damn squirrel !	toxic
oh you dead ass wrong lol	toxic
sit ur ass down dont mind me , im hating	toxic
lol stay ya ass in the car	toxic
yes yes yes bitch , dnt ask , jx make me ,	toxic
your auntie hoing herself w that fucking signature lmfaooooo ! i 'm like bye maaa .	toxic
lol she a scaredd bitch that 's why lol	toxic
aite krissy dnt make me get on yo ass lol	toxic
we gonna whip your ass	toxic
i see shit i dont like	toxic
just for tonight bcuz my mentions r dead as fuck	toxic
don 't trust that nigga - bitch over there .	toxic
that blind bitch is not blind , she knows everything ! prettylittleliars	toxic
photo bradisourking hnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggggg ! he is so fucking hot !	toxic
amnesia is the most fucked up game ever	toxic
dear insecurity fuck off ! im tired of feeling afraid to do things	toxic
goo get roses on ya ass from taron haha	toxic
damnnn everyone lookin for one	toxic
and fucking joel anthony is never open but he 's still dunking on my team	toxic
lol yea and that shit is funny 93 watch	toxic
* grins * well , shit , rematch sure sounds like fun	toxic
i could see gambit being his little bitch though	toxic
"y 'all are gonna keep busting my ass for leaving out the "" just "" aren 't you"	toxic
* drew and do i sense jealously ? rt cos it 's justin fucking bieber	toxic
i just hope i don 't make an ass out of myself .	toxic
ctfu ! just say it big head , you love me ! haha you not gonna do shit iight	toxic
my hands an ass aint connected	toxic
bitch ! idgaf u understood wat i ment right	toxic
joe mcelderry has been dropped because he 's shit and hasn 't done anything worthy !	toxic
sadly i took 66 fucking art classes this year so i am swamped -	toxic
"shit ! sorry babe , only just got your tweet "" xx"	toxic
nobody really fucks with facebook nomore	toxic
i can careless bout some punk ass dollars	toxic
am i wrong thinking a tax - exempt charitable grant can be to an unincorporated ass 'n ?	toxic
might even ask you to bring my pinnie down for this shit	toxic
really ? this hoe then lost her damn mind .	toxic
it 's creative tho how they got all his tattoos n that weak ass lip ring lol	toxic
i know you feel stupid bitch .	toxic
gahlee working at mcd is a fucking mess	toxic
i can actually play the trumpet you filthy bitches !	toxic
he make the pussy happy , i keep it happy .	toxic
onlyincovington your friends talk shit while your not around	toxic
yooo i got tired of all the freezing and shit smh	toxic
this shit betta not eva come out again	toxic
haha brains ! ah yeah grand just fucking boooored haha xxxx	toxic
but at least i 'm not calling her bitch or something .	toxic
the airs mad thick pause , fuck up man swear i hate with all my heart sometimes	toxic
fuck is wrong with your phone ? !	toxic
and my grandma gave me a shot and a big ass pill for the pain	toxic
feeling like a top notch cunt today , now i can understand why a lot of people hate me hahaha	toxic
awh wt a dick ! have u talked to him ?	toxic
walk walk fashion baby , work it , move that bitch crazy .	toxic
- frowns when he spots an empty box on a shelf - guess i 'm shit outta luck .	toxic
u need to turn you 're fucking phone off take a hot bath and relax with wine	toxic
"it 's "" look out , it 's a fucking tornado !"	toxic
fierce bitches only , of course .	toxic
like the old days shit used to b to real	toxic
first of all didn 't blow shit up but the barhroom this morning i sent 60 tweet	toxic
my messages aint sending on bbm ! fucking stressed maynnnn - _ _ - aha hope your okay anyway x	toxic
homie i jus said she went the fuck in lol	toxic
ugh stop talking man no one gives a shit about your awful craic , you bore me !	toxic
what , this shit 's enough , i ain 't fucking high maintenance like you missy .	toxic
true rt its funny some bitches dont eat meat but they suck dick heavy	toxic
oh shit lmao don 't expose that !	toxic
talkin bout his ass got a green card .	toxic
why the fuck do i keep bumping into this boy	toxic
people are so full of shit , so samethingtomorrow	toxic
bitch you couldn 't stop me imhollin hip ass	toxic
fuck it , let 's go out and rob a bank or something lol jk	toxic
and i wonder is 14 cents worth you getting your ass beat today	toxic
that shit is pretty good lowkey	toxic
go for the one that looks most kick ass	toxic
y 'all quit that middle school shit .	toxic
you have never been a bitch to me .	toxic
we on african timee lihh shit !	toxic
smh oh well maybe this backlash will wake that fat ass of hers up lolol	toxic
surely you 're allowed a day off on a bank holiday to not give a shit ? !	toxic
thats good - smiles - im tired as fuck - yawns -	toxic
my dumb ass had no clue , lol , but i 'm definitely following back	toxic
jus becuz i like sex doesn make me ah hoe .	toxic
yes , latex tends to stick to your ass pun intended .	toxic
i bet u don 't be talkin bout shit on tumblr lol	toxic
look im mad becuz u sad shit that was uncalled for an u kno i do not lik that shit	toxic
second fucking time this professors made fun of me in class	toxic
damn you dont like em that much	toxic
i just told ur ass tomar	toxic
hey , remember how april wouldn 't tell you she loved you ever , what a bitch !	toxic
busy signal got some shit	toxic
u might be right about that cuz shit always come out wrong lls	toxic
lol ! wtf get your scared ass back here before own your ass !	toxic
ana ! ! ! i freakin ' miss youu & & stupid people	toxic
get yer asses to bed ! ! !	toxic
i wanna fuck her just cause of her rudeness lol	toxic
foo i cant sleep ferr shit - _ - & your lights went on again	toxic
midnight ? where the fuck are people going at this hour ?	toxic
lol why the fuck he ain 't hit that one ?	toxic
21 and 21 , big ass titties	toxic
lol i know i fucked up i 'm so so so sowwy .	toxic
lol , what you mean you fucked up	toxic
look at the pics ol attack of the 88 foot woman ass	toxic
what the hell is your problem ? ! i 'm worries about you and you are being a bitch !	toxic
u fuckin wit cougar lil party tonight ? ?	toxic
u better take ya lil body ass to sleep	toxic
if i had my ass in my twitcon i 'd have 69 mil followers too lol	toxic
lol why i gotta be a fuck face tho	toxic
adam is a fuck up beyond belief ! !	toxic
barged my fucking way in and laid the smacketh down	toxic
check this video out - - bugatti bitches	toxic
global rec my ass auspol parochial	toxic
you do not look like no damn drunk	toxic
- moans pressing my face into the pillow to muffle it somewhat - oh fuck .	toxic
i feel like mind fucking lola	toxic
holy shit ! who is that footballer attached to those teeth ? suarez	toxic
he 'll yea and ol girl farted on doom dick while he was dancing	toxic
shit then i have a d .	toxic
man i fucking love yall models	toxic
"i 'm just glad my phone doesn 't autocorrect my "" fucks "" to "" ducks """	toxic
you don 't fuck with me or something like that	toxic
but then that would fuck my coworker over	toxic
"ooooh yeah going to rock in my "" i punched a werewolf , bad ass "" tee lol"	toxic
fuck you went to the concert ? and yeah her	toxic
aaron craft can go suck a dick	toxic
ill try and tweet some stupid shit cause i leave for two whole days .	toxic
he be talkin all shit lol	toxic
surgeons are bastards but they are shit - hot at their jobs	toxic
then u gota beat goro ugly ass	toxic
i 'm surprised you didn 't ride into ht on a donkey or some shit .	toxic
ass so i stopped lmfao ! i think the song is pretty bad too compared with his	toxic
"i 've not heard you "" bitch freely "" today"	toxic
its wayyy too early for the loser shit on my timeline	toxic
* looks up * * instantly disgusted * actually i did you ungrateful bitch	toxic
shit ! now i have to also	toxic
where fuck do i find a female hitmen ?	toxic
my roomate is a pain in my ass and my ears .	toxic
if somebody talk shit about my heat losing i 'm flamming your azz	toxic
although she is a cunt , as if she cant tell her kids to be quiet	toxic
rt pizza papalis is fucking disgusting - i thought i was the only one !	toxic
they got some pussy ass haters in the world	toxic
my bitch maggie q from nikita is in it too .	toxic
you told me you had a girl and shit , where shordy at yo	toxic
omg ! ! ! that was some funny shit ! ! ! miss raissa is out of her fucking mind	toxic
i subtweeted the shit out of your absence yo .	toxic
anything is better than being a boring ass class .	toxic
ff because he strongly believes usher is turning out justin beiber 's ass just as much as i believe	toxic
"i just now peeped "" let the drummer get wicked "" but damn its is hot"	toxic
heather is passed the fuck out	toxic
wowwww are you fucking serious ? lmfao	toxic
hahaha go to hell naro ! ! with your ass	toxic
okay imma fuck with it , and do you still fuck with spitta and wiz ?	toxic
both if yall barely could walk down the street and shit	toxic
watchin some shit on tv thats making me hungry as fuck lmao	toxic
shut up ! its really hot as fuck outside and i just came all the way frm erie .	toxic
oh shit eddie izzard is on tonight i forgot !	toxic
no boy , she just was tlkn & & shit	toxic
bro if you don 't get on that piece of ass	toxic
i need some dick in ma life	toxic
i 'll kick your british ass !	toxic
ummmm ? wash that shit and flat iron it then !	toxic
ctfu thats why you got a new step mom so she can help take care of ya ungrateful ass	toxic
understand how i still fuck them up	toxic
shit might be unlimited but imma put a limit on ya ass .	toxic
lol dont look a gift pussy in the mouth	toxic
i 'm in deep shit bro	toxic
sake of fighting is just idiocy though	toxic
oh my fucking god ! he 's so freaking cute	toxic
cause , i say damn , & fuck some times pp	toxic
fuck knows , like a month + aye , haha !	toxic
make urself useful and tell lily to get the fuck down heree	toxic
where the fuck has been ? fuck you at otherbrain ? ?	toxic
you get on my damn nerves smh !	toxic
eh ? she is a retard i would give anything to go back to primary school	toxic
this heat is fuck - ing ri - dic - u - lous bringbacktherain orsnow	toxic
shit aint attractive rt i hate when bitches type like this - - - > ii feel ghud .	toxic
whatever i will curse u out when i sober up but a great big fuck you for the day .	toxic
lmaoooo i knew what u meant , that was just me being a smart ass teeheee	toxic
run & bitch out the culprit	toxic
screw torrence hoe ass ill buy us ice cream !	toxic
""" fuck her "" see u soon am going to study"	toxic
what shit do i put up with ? i see no such shit ! d	toxic
omg i thought i felt someones dick in my bed lmfao	toxic
invite someone chill as shit with a whippp ?	toxic
haa ! ikr ! l scary shit !	toxic
its funny ' and in reply to your ' oshh josh shit ' tweet	toxic
imma let you talk your shit	toxic
"don 't call me pathetic when you are the one who said olly was "" shit """	toxic
lmao ! ! ! ! ! thats a damn shame	toxic
fuck you rt just mopped this bum in words with friends	toxic
we aint havin sex so calm the fuck down	toxic
my summer been wild cant wait to tell u bout dat shit	toxic
why the fuck is this fucking train being held up at kalamasserry ? ?	toxic
but we do have fun block parties n shit ! !	toxic
that bitch ! lol joe is tryin to make me go downtown but im still sick as efff .	toxic
im in one big room full of bad bitches	toxic
and when he wouldn 't befriend chloe moretz i became fucking enraged ! hot girl is being nice	toxic
and i spelled it right deformed dick brain	toxic
if my mother takes another fuckin bath today ima snap	toxic
oh ion want yo damn popsicle	toxic
i rlly wanna say some shit but imma keep it to myself ! ! ! ! !	toxic
yap i got a lot 11 say & ain 't nobody gone do shit	toxic
great that we only start playing with 88 mins left ! the service into the box was shit	toxic
rt thank u gab > dumb ass she was agreeing with me ! ! !	toxic
"mom would be like "" fuck it , let 's have pancakes for dinner ."	toxic
fuck you and dione ' my mother wasnt here & you got my permission slip	toxic
really ? cus i 'm a fucking beast on that game o	toxic
seriously who that fuck does think she is ? listen bitch , no one fucking likes you	toxic
hold the mother fuckin phones	toxic
holy shit dude was channeling michael jackson and	toxic
fuck 47 th hour , i 'm chillin in the hall	toxic
bitch was so mad lmfao ! ! smh	toxic
rt this shit is just funny	toxic
it 's pretty much everywhere but then paranoia kicks in ! ha ! scary shit tbh	toxic
you will fucking love it .	toxic
u want to tackle na then come on show me what u got bastard .	toxic
you aint fucking with me on the movie qoutes daddy ! ! lol	toxic
if you watch it - rather than looking away - it is actually great timing of a shit effect	toxic
stay inside then bad ass !	toxic
mine will scare your ass off .	toxic
over here bout to damn burn up ugh ! ! !	toxic
i kno right i would to see ya lil ass poppin in the club lmao	toxic
shut your angry ass up	toxic
maybe this nigga will catch the hint now , i 'm tossing ' em as hard as i can !	toxic
people like her are so fucking getting on my nervs	toxic
you and dan are on fucking point tonight	toxic
fuck wrong with her ton lol	toxic
bust dat pussy open den i tell her bring it back	toxic
today i will say goodbye to my dear bb bold and welcome d new bitch in my life	toxic
i should start acting like a bitch then	toxic
when i start gettin dm 's about shit u said , it stops !	toxic
that shit was so funny	toxic
i 'm teachin ' him to play with his voice , do good vocals ' n shit .	toxic
bout to watch insidious and i 'm super scared in this bitch ! ! !	toxic
girl i don 't understand it ! just don 't say shit !	toxic
naw david ain 't with that bull shit	toxic
oh shit ! we freak when we run out in this house	toxic
i mean yeah im slick pissed but im not gonna force you to talk about the shit .	toxic
that 's what i 'm saying pussy , and don 't call me that shitttt	toxic
am i really gonna be riding solo for harry potter tonight ? ? that 's so fucked up .	toxic
o shit ! that school pops ! anyway	toxic
well shit if it money in their that 's where i need to be ! !	toxic
i wanna know how to play with my fucking foot .	toxic
yu playn ths unfollow game nd shit .	toxic
lol look like fuckin claws on their eye but what 's really sad they think they fly lol	toxic
lol dont tweet me shit aint sweet still want my fair one lmao	toxic
you just made my fucking day lmao	toxic
pussy ! where tf you at !	toxic
yep , rupert grint is fucking hot	toxic
bettter hurryy uppp ! ! im lighten shit up !	toxic
hey man all asshole aside for a min congrats on the shit with bizarre	toxic
omg hall pass is so fucking funny !	toxic
if i good priiice , you put pussy magnet ?	toxic
but yo i was dead ass when i asked if tony sunshine got a twitter	toxic
i 'm 15 and still act like a fucking 15 yo lol	toxic
no the fuck its not !	toxic
hahahah seriously i only answered like 54 questions & its only 54 lines , so fucking over analysing sources	toxic
of course wtf thats not fucking question i would rather see game instead of boo boo krit	toxic
d i meant gig ! ! ! ! did i say book signing ? shit .	toxic
shit , but you couldn 't do the same .	toxic
celebrate the fact that everyone 's plans have been royally fucked ? okay then .	toxic
i mention yur ass all the time , yu can never say im fake ever again mister	toxic
i already gotta go through this shit during the fall	toxic
i don 't like politicians kissing ass at any time , be they the best or worst of times .	toxic
i boring ass biology dry ass class	toxic
fucking hell ! i thought i was desperate	toxic
oh shit , you remind me that i have to download visitor q	toxic
he creates a shit load of hate and drama on twitter by hating people like one direction	toxic
he changed ! okay ! he did , we all know it ! so please shut the fuck up !	toxic
oh shit , 92 , 92 tweets ? i think i have an addiction	toxic
ole assertive ass lol , but you easy on the eyes tho * shrugs *	toxic
loooooooool you bitch ! huhh your seeing me tomorrow	toxic
she was on there doin da most singin some old ass song frm like 21 joe lmaoo	toxic
i didn 't check my notifications smart ass lol	toxic
them newniggas could learn something from beans rt you like that philly shit	toxic
imma keep all of dem fuck it !	toxic
let 's get some comments on this video show the haters they ain 't shit	toxic
lol stay my ass in the house nothing major & u ?	toxic
do skinny bitches run shit too	toxic
that shit 72 flyers for 72 dollars	toxic
and now they 've shit in my ears .	toxic
omg nine days till i dip canada fuck yes .	toxic
haha , yeah but now if i say that you 'll be ' sarcastic bitch ! ' p x	toxic
i love sylvia she be my main bitch < 95	toxic
yeah this has happened like 10 times bitch - _ _ _ - smd	toxic
dawggg its hot as fuck .	toxic
when you see me up there pressing that button multiple times just keep walking like you dont see shit hahaha	toxic
i always have the funniest convos with ! she talk a whole lotta shit doe	toxic
i 'm not cocky , i just love myself , bitch .	toxic
omg your dms when you wake up i am fucking shaking .	toxic
i only fucks with a good 80 % of them .	toxic
i told him to fuck off	toxic
everyone should do ther shit wen they get it then haha	toxic
i can breathe freely ! ! fuck i need a shower !	toxic
i 'm feeeeenin for that shit on sone jodeci like shit lol	toxic
gator don 't play no shit !	toxic
fuck it going to lay down and look at my ceiling until i fall asleep lol	toxic
holy shit ! all we got as a cards sth was 53 % off at the team store	toxic
i 'm tooo weak from that tweet about hard ball with yo ass hell yeahing .	toxic
, oop ctfu but ew i fuckin hate the zoo .	toxic
my teddy has stole my wine n paper ! dick	toxic
hahaha that was so funny ! major lick ass alerttopstalker	toxic
crying phone please turn the fuck back on please i need you , please turn back on	toxic
lol i took no parts , but that shit was a trend up here back in the day .	toxic
he can 't get to you all ! fuck .	toxic
i 've had a buncha shit going on but i 'll have it done im about to do it	toxic
we do what we want ' - no you fucking don 't	toxic
and that shit is sad .	toxic
fuck , it sucks not having live	toxic
but i fuck w boosie but like webbie way more !	toxic
rt amber rose is easily one of the most overrated bitches of all time .	toxic
get that ass up and get to work lol	toxic
i forgot my wallet so im just eatin chips and shit	toxic
"rt "" why the fuck is it so hard to find tacos in slidell "" - - - tacobell ?"	toxic
okay my bunny fucked up , but if you turn your attention to bbm .	toxic
he be suckering my mom tho , i ain goin , he weigh more than me	toxic
laying in my bed , watching this corny ass play	toxic
swear ima knocc that pussy out the frame biiitch	toxic
alright if dese three mutha fuckas got weed prescriptions , how dat fuck do i get one	toxic
raging for a mc - fucking - griddle	toxic
i 'm getting tipsy already , i might fuck around and fall asleep	toxic
they 'll be a bitch to store though	toxic
that shit is lowkey amazing that he 's able to walk still	toxic
naw , you know i fucks with all types of music	toxic
pussys i tell ya ! they don 't have your back maaan	toxic
too easy to fuck with me , so she doesn 't bother	toxic
i really just couldn 't give a shit about anything or anyone l i try not to anyway xx	toxic
i don 't like fake bitches blood .	toxic
imma have to just do this shit on my own .	toxic
the shit he said just don 't make no sense what so ever !	toxic
rt what the fuck seabrook ? take some smelling salts !	toxic
ugghh bitch ! ! u knw why the hell im mad	toxic
lol greedy ass , but im listenin to music right now so im jus relaxinnnn	toxic
bro , don 't be surprised , they sneaky as fuck ! ! !	toxic
""" < - - - imma need ur ass to come back lol"	toxic
that 's new shit , you wasn 't like that .	toxic
fuck and i gotta work in the am ! ! !	toxic
yeah , full flexi - not this core time shit	toxic
idk , i haven 't been outside & i 'll prolli end up doin the same shit i always do	toxic
study yo ass ass off .	toxic
fuck you u seen everything humf !	toxic
nope its the players , words dnt mean shit .	toxic
oh yeah it looks pretty shit on my phone too	toxic
im soooo fucking over the moon ! i wana squeeze sive rite now ! ! ! ' d	toxic
her ass might not be able to leave the city lolol	toxic
there 's a lady who 's atleast 66 years old dressed up for this shit - _ _ -	toxic
the athletes foot and hi level fashions fucks wit g unit from the get go	toxic
haha that shit is brewed in mammoth mountain snow thats why it tastes like nature haha	toxic
also how the fuck do i turn off this shitty trending bar ?	toxic
* sqeauks * holy shit ! i mean holy chocolate ! you moved !	toxic
that just tells u he rather see u fail that 's when u get ghost on that ass lol	toxic
u maybe excused lol u aint know i was that along with a line of other shit lol	toxic
holey fuck you actually replied lol , i miss you ! what is your basses doing tomorrow lb ?	toxic
this is what you will become soon from this wow shit	toxic
why would we even want to see his wedding ? i don 't give a fuck	toxic
shit that 's what my daddy shmoked lol	toxic
what the fuck went on on hms astute today ? !	toxic
fukkety fuck exactly how tall are you ? in feet	toxic
my website is soo shit < < what did u used to use ?	toxic
right she fucked someone like two days ago and vinny didnt cockblock lol	toxic
gess what my gun app went off in walmart smh it was the most funniest shit ever	toxic
this shit is the fuck drawn , i 'm not climbin threw this window	toxic
you mean that 's what i 'm gonna see in may holy fuck that shit is incredible ! !	toxic
who is that ? ? what a nasty piece of shit ! ! are you ok luv ? ? xx	toxic
fuck sca i played one tourny wit them nvr went back coacg kelly irritate me	toxic
next time you want to talk shit about everyone in your life , make sure im not home	toxic
you know you just thought about that shit too	toxic
lol i say whatevea the fuck i want	toxic
yo ma cuzzin hid the fuck out the keys yo	toxic
my ass hasn 't hurt this bad since the time and i went camping .	toxic
it 's hard to live in a community with no fuckin unity boosie	toxic
better annoy the shit out of lexington like sumter did to us !	toxic
really , im a fat bitch ? totally	toxic
aw fuck better turn the , back since	toxic
you tweeted me , so im replying you thick cunt !	toxic
get me the fuck outta here .	toxic
, i 'm in love with the fucking perfect video .	toxic
haha and shit , lol but i 'm tall so they r even shorter p	toxic
least he aint get in his feelins like wow wow bitch ass	toxic
shit i need a new word to use now	toxic
if u don 't wanna talk to me then fucking tell me so	toxic
who the fuck is tom schieffer ? should i know this ? am i demonstrating my ignorance ?	toxic
nah man , everything just went to shit like always .	toxic
rt damn ! dis b * * * h is here again !	toxic
nathan , lock your bitch back up in her cage please were she belongs ?	toxic
be sure to keep your christian ass off the socialized roads and out from behind the socialized military .	toxic
friday can fuck right off .	toxic
me too im tired as fuck < 87	toxic
no ! you have to download shit and my mom will get mad for doing it on her computer .	toxic
i 'm just saying i 'm 57 lad back for the bullshit but i 'm far from a lil bitch	toxic
yes i messed that ! but shit it really doesnt matter huh .	toxic
i did some grimme shit to some girls	toxic
hell naw i think he stuck lil fat ass lol	toxic
good ! takin care of the kids nd shit	toxic
there should be a list made of shit u shouldn 't ask over the phone	toxic
shit i don 't remember on of the blondest ones tho	toxic
i wanna see u bitches tonight	toxic
yo , did you listen to that beat ? the french shit ?	toxic
big - ass burrito or big ass - burrito ?	toxic
shit i just might make that move lol idk man if this shit keep up o	toxic
sin cara , rhodes , bryan , christian , and orton have kick ass matches .	toxic
i just gt it yesterday you pussy	toxic
damn i forgot about that but shit yall could damn near make a video for every track	toxic
i think they just added more programming but i couldnt get with that plain weather shit	toxic
burned my back up with that shit .	toxic
i like that black shit .	toxic
good food and blonde bitches	toxic
im tryin get netflix on my shit	toxic
lmao well my ass is not on american tv yet	toxic
now i 'm pissed off , who the hell took my fucking bluetack ? !	toxic
i see you have life fucked up	toxic
what the fuck do you want lopez !	toxic
are you excited for tomorrow ? ! because & i are fucking stoked .	toxic
rihanna is definitely looking extremely fuckable .	toxic
rt all fun and games are over when this bitch get home	toxic
i don 't want to go ! fucking anatomy test	toxic
dnt fuck widd my fam .	toxic
the fuck ? why would i leave my sister ?	toxic
i love you too , so fucking much ! ! ! !	toxic
had a dope ass caballero ii tho	toxic
* rolls eyes * i stills fucks witchu doee ' its funny how u knew i was talkin bout her	toxic
thats great advice lol , good looks i 'm going to stop caring that i dont give a fuck	toxic
fuck that ! ! ! i will send you all the cereal you want ! > d	toxic
then how the hell are my big ass sheets dry but not my small ass pillowcases	toxic
ohh that punk ass bck lol	toxic
what ? who was evil bitch aka nightmare lawsuit hada begging a follow from this time ?	toxic
my 18 18 wish never comes true fuck this	toxic
yeah the one i took fucked me up as well lmao	toxic
no shit ! ! rolls eyesyes i want to	toxic
shit i 'm starving can i come over ? !	toxic
you 're the one who 's stupid .	toxic
that 's dumb ass hell , cause then people wouldn 't have more followers than they following .	toxic
ion wanna hear that shit !	toxic
sucks but mine has trouble rendering long shit for some reason ,	toxic
my phone off and my car just done basically thesame shit define 's car did	toxic
sexy as fuck of course	toxic
that 's when i unfollow they ass .	toxic
dear rachel , please stop being a bitch	toxic
cause my gas is low as fuck and i still feel like shit	toxic
i think a female teacher is way more worst than a male one	toxic
fuck this school ! and and i don 't need school	toxic
he was nice in college ! but shit u the same nigga that said tiger was gon win the masters	toxic
sup gurl it 's been shit haven 't done a n y t h i n g	toxic
i shit you not here - i 'm addicted to this gift of god .	toxic
grins over at you and shrugs hey , i can only fucking work with what you got out there	toxic
i am number four ' was a good ass movie	toxic
bitch to all the students	toxic
half hour later and its still there ' fucken lazy ass ' !	toxic
thankies rt i love your avi you look a fucking mazing	toxic
lol nigga you better respect yo elders tho	toxic
fuck it ! ! ! i 'm still gon stay here and get paid ! ! ! beatthesystem	toxic
shit jus out here tryna make it !	toxic
eww i hate danielle but i like dick pause	toxic
naaa but da shit is dumbbb good tho	toxic
bitch you was suppose to be sleep	toxic
how the fuck did i stand out ? d	toxic
if offers my dave sweets one more time that bitch is gonna get beat up	toxic
hahha ! i was notttt fucked up ! you were !	toxic
yeah its cocaine daay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my computers fucking up .	toxic
got a lucky ass text	toxic
stop being a inconsiderate cunt ! thank you oh p	toxic
sausage sarnies for breakfast , fucking great	toxic
rt dis simple bitch over here think he a fuckin businessman < - - - weak ! ! !	toxic
im fucking hyper ! ! ! ! ! * rolls on you *	toxic
i don 't wanna look at shit else related to nursing until after spring break ! ha !	toxic
got damnn bitch can u just leave	toxic
who drinks to just to go home ? yall just ass backwards thats all .	toxic
shit nothin jus chillin til my game you ?	toxic
see sis some shit shouldn 't be said like um what did you just say lol	toxic
granddaughter the same shit is going on over here	toxic
congradjewlations ! i 'm followin yoo ass finally	toxic
i hate when people avoid shit especially when its serious	toxic
holy shit so do i ! !	toxic
no wonder i wasnt hearing shit my phone was 10 notch from silent	toxic
she did some shit on the internet , i guess	toxic
aw stop playin wit 93 b4 she beat yo ass lol	toxic
she was a bitch so i was a bitch right back	toxic
lmfao ! ! ! it happened and my friends were too embarrassed to record that shit	toxic
i never fucking wanted this .	toxic
ohhhhh ight tell her bring her sister n shit	toxic
u was just on some weird shit two weeks ago	toxic
that shit was burning my lip before i drunk it	toxic
lol shut the fuck up .	toxic
and i was not fucking cooking loo	toxic
just warning you know ucas is a bitch	toxic
lols we gunaa do it soon kuss im thinking about new years and that was a fun ass night lols	toxic
"bmc boyz - essential needs np "" - that 's my shit"	toxic
i got you with the ally no doubt lol ima play like shit again cause i can 't sleep	toxic
* begins sprinting through the crowd of people * shit shit shit .	toxic
lol fuck her ! we needa be cool again !	toxic
you have plans tomorrow you fuck .	toxic
im with a spanish bitch , if she aint fucking adios !	toxic
come get me then since your about to run away and shit lmao	toxic
what 's up with this twitter shit ? this shit is so wack sometimes ! lol	toxic
parked next to a red corvette so people don 't immediately notice the shit car i have .	toxic
she tryna fuck everybody ex 's	toxic
what ? ? don 't be a bitch	toxic
im up here sending boring ass emails so i can make some exciting ass money lol	toxic
what the fuck is this ? ! ' lol	toxic
im bout to make a s0ng with dat nigga and my boy	toxic
we all know a draw is shit at this stage of the season !	toxic
i 'll miss you too baby , so fucking much	toxic
it 's really gone to shit	toxic
you 're a babe , fuck the bitches , they just jelly ! xx	toxic
you know damn well im not in school lol	toxic
i miss you like a fat bitch gon miss churches 35 piece tuesday deal	toxic
thank god i was going in on this bitch u tweeting me is saving her lol	toxic
shit got outta hand tonight haha	toxic
that shit irritates me with a passion lol	toxic
that 's retarded i would die if i tweeted you back not if i didn 't	toxic
no u just talk a lot of shit about me and i 've had enough	toxic
b officialy mine bra ima put dat bitch on worldstar 15 wat u thankk ?	toxic
we already kno ur gonna look , just donr be so obvious ! ! ! ! shit , my	toxic
i thought she 'd bitch slap me to be honest .	toxic
they had bad sex the first time they had sex	toxic
""" not my daughter , you bitch ! "" < 39 i do love her !"	toxic
holy shit what nooooo i haven 't !	toxic
same shit except getn rdy for wrk as usual & making breakfast for the hubby	toxic
yes ! im in fuckin pain	toxic
you best beast on dat shit	toxic
rt if you mad then be mad	toxic
it wasn 't abandonment ! and i haven 't been able to draw shit	toxic
dance ? lol that shit makes me gag	toxic
shit with my friends and not being able to trust them and them going behind my back etc etc	toxic
but u sittin there sayin who 's ass u gona beat	toxic
bitch , bastard i know it .	toxic
chillin looking around n shit lol	toxic
"she was on them for fucking hours yelling "" i love it"	toxic
shit i been aight i guess hbu	toxic
lls no bitch it was pinned up ! thankkkk youuuu	toxic
lmao i suck with that shit dammit dont judge me	toxic
our island could be anywhere i don 't give a fuck i just want as my president	toxic
use a glass of water and drink it you tubby shit	toxic
lol cas & looks are very deceiving - p , i may be little but shit	toxic
"in my house we refer to it as the "" fucking mcas ."	toxic
omg , audition at 40 of mac ? shit .	toxic
omg , he so fucking fine ! oh la la , lmao .	toxic
now why tf did you go see that shit ? !	toxic
very welcomee keep up the goodwork fuck the haters ! < 79	toxic
will bite ya back in the ass ! ! whats ur name sweetie , im anne - marie	toxic
the fuck are you goin on about	toxic
lmfaoooo kiss my ass i was just trying to correct ur bad grammer ass	toxic
fuck it ! i guess i am -	toxic
just because they 're not some shitty indie band no one has heard of , you don 't like them	toxic
i 'll kick you out and replace you !	toxic
blackthoughts2 is tha shit hands down !	toxic
shit i 'm sumn lik tht too	toxic
lol we got a makaveli twist for yall ass	toxic
the hair blends real well shit bouta be fye ! lol	toxic
what are you saying ? i cannot understand a fucking thing .	toxic
ooo bitch ! i have a very pretty head and face thank you very much -	toxic
keep ya shit up you on ya grid fuck what tha haters be sayin	toxic
yeah i know argh vj 's such a bitch when it comes to lesson hours 83	toxic
lmfao ! ! yo that shit was priceless hahahahaha	toxic
fuck yes ! i own the dvd and peeped it when it was on bbc hahaha !	toxic
thanks bitch , love you ! ! ! xx	toxic
all my bitches love me all my bitches love me you aint fuckin with my dougie	toxic
rt yeah you gone be 53 nd | y 'all email me that shit too lol i wanna hear it	toxic
hah no fucking way , i 'd be out of a job if it was	toxic
oh crap its 6 pm	toxic
yeahhh right husband you always fuckin me up wen i 'm at work pay back < 29	toxic
bitch u look like a fart low budget troy polamalu lookin ass nigga	toxic
busy as shit , not on twitter	toxic
""" i 'm drunk as shit , i 'm soooo hammered dude "" ?"	toxic
grabs handfull of popcorn and thros at my bitches ! ha	toxic
just played a boring ass game	toxic
maybe she is , but im done with this shit	toxic
i work with youth and just went ape shit when one of them played caillou on their phone	toxic
so i get to be the fucked up sister ? ! lol , cheers ! '	toxic
well damn ! i like it	toxic
so imma end this with a fuck u and have a nice day lol	toxic
damn that fucked up and he moved	toxic
i think this post and comment shit fight could do with your opinion	toxic
_ smh well get on that and get ur ass off twitter !	toxic
i dey use my crappy ass cell so i go check the link later	toxic
when people think too much they start sayin dumb shit even if you the smartest person on earth .	toxic
ima be mad ass hell if it do !	toxic
xd right ? * sticks tongue out * pussy	toxic
lmaoo nigga how the fuck u find this shit ? ? ? ?	toxic
lol tru shit , n same thing really ova here , my eyes is getting jy heavy nshit lol	toxic
pffft buy new and fuck the car you 'll be in london living zone 23 lol	toxic
its something like aisha or some shit	toxic
nothing worse than unreliable dick	toxic
i just knew ur ass was on here lol this shit funny	toxic
yes yes and fuck yes	toxic
what are you doing 47 night bitch	toxic
no and if u and keegan dont go in fucking dms	toxic
but when people die its just like bitch you deserved and then	toxic
always saying we sucked and shit and then we won p	toxic
gone head with ur bad ass .	toxic
fuck yes ! now we need a guitarist a bass guitar and a rythem guitar xd < 41	toxic
bitch back off saying i need to get laid , old smelly vagina	toxic
females must know that we on point soo accurate wit dis shit	toxic
i got a grunt ! ! ! ! he 's a right lazy ass xx	toxic
now thats permanent protection for yo ass !	toxic
bleh , we fight a fucking lot .	toxic
actually got more girls then you that is a problem ! that shit aint tight	toxic
you 're so fucked up that you won 't even remember this conversation tomorrow , anyway	toxic
yeah he will the fucking bastard .	toxic
fuck u i 'm jealous i wish i knew what school im going to	toxic
gotta be up at fucking 74 my life is so hard	toxic
neon trees ? i wanty see one ? koko sounds shit s but aye i know ! ! !	toxic
man that bitch so cold .	toxic
i wanna be there for the world famous bitch slap contest	toxic
lmfao damn u a bad ass fran almost made my ass stay home	toxic
when he started with that rockstar shit , he fell off	toxic
new shit coming ! thanks tho	toxic
u think we going to sit in the house ? ? ? fuck ass no lol	toxic
blackberrys are shit ? wal ! your slackin with an iphone there shit hahahaha and you know me now aha	toxic
i ant fuckin wid that twitter shit im bizzy getin money girl	toxic
- well you kept publically saying how much you want to fuck him so	toxic
girl nothing tweeting my lil ass off	toxic
yessir n u know how my shit smells bc u smelled it before haha	toxic
and jamaar gettin on my fuckin nerve	toxic
your black bitch , get over it lol	toxic
hahah that shit is funny , crafy young man you are	toxic
i like skinny tops & unbuttoned cover - all shirts that can deal with ass & belly also	toxic
rt bitches still get micro braids ?	toxic
lmao i dont say shit and laugh at her ass lls	toxic
"hard head make a soft ass "" i never understood that saying"	toxic
i 'm not okay , i 'm not okay , im not oh - fucking kay .	toxic
no noo nooo , you dobt wanna fuck with it .	toxic
bad romance is my shit .	toxic
aye a forgot castlemilks in paddy land haha he 's shit anyway	toxic
- yo bitch ! how 's the head ? ? -	toxic
shit is even more complicated .	toxic
i was thinkin the same shit	toxic
shit ill jus hit up on the weekends im home then	toxic
which means i 'm gettin fucked up .	toxic
even tho wack ass people played him out	toxic
im not going to do it to neither of yal cause i fuck with you .	toxic
if yu dont fuck wit ex factor i have no words for yu	toxic
"lol i call pussy "" snatch "" and you aint gettin none lol"	toxic
hmpphh ! good shit kid , well played	toxic
all the freshman this year can suuuuck my dick ! they 're dumb	toxic
liverpool will always be the same old shit , just different faces	toxic
it 's a drinking in the afternoon kind of rainy ass day fact	toxic
fucking no one is gonna go out with a suicidal bitch .	toxic
* walks in the house * fuck this neighborhood .	toxic
& funniest shit he chased around the whole block cause he thought we were thief & shit .	toxic
i dont really fuck w him like that	toxic
lol , that was a funny ass conversation .	toxic
lol naww i showed them my chin hairs and he smacked my ass	toxic
where do this bald headed bitch know me from ? ? ? ?	toxic
hey behind every great woman , is a guy looking at her ass jamjam	toxic
my hair is super longgg o it touches my ass	toxic
not having a job sucks more than a hooker with a bag of dicks .	toxic
ya lil ass get a latte every morning , sheesh lol	toxic
tell him they r only as sexy as d fab woman takin care of there ass 's hee hee hee	toxic
i jus know when i wake up ima be fucked !	toxic
yo my ass hurts , niggas fell mad hard last night how did you not laugh	toxic
i think we were all just really fucked up last night	toxic
so they gonna play the same ass s l thats ridiculous	toxic
some other girls are just fucking fake	toxic
why you ain 't say shit a year ago	toxic
are you serious ! lmfao you started that shit ! with yo apple sauce slurpn ass lmao	toxic
my name 's no longer nor but becoz i 'm a free bitch , babe ! !	toxic
swear , the one day i don 't walk with and this shit happens !	toxic
hey ! did i appear fucked up saturday ?	toxic
ion get on that bullshit .	toxic
why ? b c she just got me a muh 'fucking room	toxic
good kuz that shit is dumb af !	toxic
anderson cooper said he contacted beyawnce mooriah & usher old ass & they never responded	toxic
they should fuck themseleves if thats possible and then due	toxic
that nicca popping questions n shit now	toxic
leafs and habs fans unite rt fuck the canucks .	toxic
whts wrong wit ya big ass phne lml ! rt i jst tweeted the same thang bout 90 times	toxic
aw fuck off , some people are actually so pathetic that it makes my skin crawl	toxic
ahahahaha that 's funny u ain 't shit jk	toxic
what yu on twitter talkin shit for	toxic
lol word dats wussup fam and kickin shit really just got back from da a ah couple weeks ago	toxic
ooooh , cool - , and may i ask why your ass hurts ? x	toxic
my phone just almost died on , i did like some ninja shit to get to the other phone	toxic
i fucking hate california and everyone in it ! ! ! ! i fucking love la	toxic
naw the industy got em fucked up	toxic
& this bitch was in karate ? the fuck	toxic
ayy ! i fucking hate being a girl .	toxic
rt rt niggas be pussy whipped over the ugly joints .	toxic
wateva shay we not goin to never be together cause you be on that dumb stupied shit	toxic
i 'd have on my ass along w	toxic
dat nigga tall aint he lol	toxic
wad the shit ? u r working at united sq ?	toxic
headphones on , dusting the shit out of the place then ?	toxic
i was just fuckin wit cha .	toxic
"lmaoooo now see if i was to come right now you 'd be like "" oh shit "" lol"	toxic
yess ! all of my friends are fucking haters	toxic
noboooddyyy lol im jus fuckin wytcha broham	toxic
i fucks wit rewind too , nobody ever rapped a song in reverse	toxic
im boutta start buyin all old shit	toxic
he brolic for a reason to protect my ass not beat my ass - lmao .	toxic
gutted there 's no pics of me losing my shit at letlive last night .	toxic
yep ! wish i could take that shit back tho ! !	toxic
"lmfoalfmao , don 't even try to pull the "" y u no "" shit on me , bro p"	toxic
i do nt think they care cause bitches be in the side door anyway	toxic
y 'all subtweeting asses funny af !	toxic
twitter made me unfollow , fuck that	toxic
and that 's how you let the beat build bitch !	toxic
yeah it was besides me bussin my ass .	toxic
this piece of shit already is frozen	toxic
you will have fucking beef in a minute p x	toxic
lol what a fucking flavor combo !	toxic
today is the official 35 st day of spring bitches	toxic
yeah ! well i hate that girl she 's a fucking whore ! >	toxic
it 's supposed to be shut the fuck up , bitch .	toxic
on some john hughes shit .	toxic
shit is better than most computer programs	toxic
m how u what today heard the ride fucked up	toxic
these guys wanna keep shit a mystery like it 's fucking amusing	toxic
shit was in the tunnel jawn when we were walkin back to the car	toxic
if i ain 't doing shit , i get bored .	toxic
my ride is a white lesbian named becky lol and were picking up 36 other bitches	toxic
fuck that shidd , idagf anymore , being nice gets me nowhere fuck your feelings .	toxic
damn so u packed in that bitch wit abuncha chanks lookin like 20 th street store everywhere	toxic
my ass hurts now is all	toxic
fuck a tl lets add to the convo lmao	toxic
i hate curly ass ! ! at least i 'm black ! hahaha	toxic
stuffed my fat ass with food	toxic
thank you ! rt wow ! ! congrats ! ! ! kickin ass on idol and itunes ! onthefloor	toxic
word ! who the fuck they think they is ?	toxic
hahah and once i get up from that powerbomb im gonna fuckin big boot yo sweet ass	toxic
but it 's wrong for me to fuck ? smh lol	toxic
mum always fucks things up .	toxic
that just blew my mind ! cant stand that bitch !	toxic
""" never put me in ya box if ya shit eats tapes """	toxic
it worked but it 's talkin bout some other shit i ain 't fuckin wit it so fuck it	toxic
she must not know ill tear her another asshole .	toxic
he phoney as hell ! lol	toxic
yea people finna be dmin trash talkin me and shit now hatin	toxic
you don 't even really be talkin bout shit so why should i follow u ?	toxic
and he 's an ass hole !	toxic
cause its the fuckin truth ! very underrated .	toxic
were his ears always this enormous ? sheen looks like shit	toxic
n ross talks about things ? ? rt jeezy shit don 't even make sense half da time lol	toxic
got some shit for the home gotti also .	toxic
i 'll block for you , you know haha beastmode & shit hhs	toxic
oh pshyeah ! indianapolis ! suck it bitch ! indiana rules ! !	toxic
oh my profile pic fuckin sexy ?	toxic
damn sure use to fuck wit him the long way wit da wiz	toxic
lmfao , he is too grown for his shit to be that small ! ! !	toxic
ready for wicked shit tonight in st louis whoop x 99	toxic
certain females dont need to have twitter if its to bullshit about emotional trivias in their fucking life	toxic
itssadwhen you care about someone who doesn 't give 87 shits about you	toxic
we always fuck up good shit lmao stroke	toxic
fuck slow down with the replying sistaaaa + im calling you a not as nice person as me d	toxic
this bitch came on stage dancing lookin like a 50 year old teyana taylor - _ -	toxic
said that first drip was the shit ! ! !	toxic
lls white people make some weird shit	toxic
my ass would hate me later , but i 'd be in little girl heaven	toxic
wth that shit is gross l bitxhes rly be foolen !	toxic
me and nick mundy just got the fucking shit beaten out of us by two random cunts , great ,	toxic
your man said some real sucker shit for no reason	toxic
not on no groupie shit	toxic
oomf was suppose to sice me with pasta for my birthday , fuckin liar	toxic
oh shit who told u this lie lmfao bedroombody in the dark maybe .	toxic
oh she was fucking annoying im tellin ya x	toxic
so , we doing this ? i 'm gonna kick your ass like i did at twister .	toxic
haha he pushed shit out that lil nigga	toxic
you lose in our wars every fucking time !	toxic
bitch i do ! there is no reason a person with a vagina should txt me good morning	toxic
they a good team , but fuck em	toxic
shit bra wen u comin back out here	toxic
shit you know the usual , eat shit and sleep	toxic
lol bitch what was you doing last night ?	toxic
my computer is broken and my phone too ! ! wtf is this devil shit ? ? ?	toxic
fuck , i dookied on myself again !	toxic
who the fuck is rebecca black & why has she been a tt all weekend	toxic
bitch didn 't i just call you	toxic
can 't you just fuck andget it over with ?	toxic
i 'm so fucking proud of them .	toxic
fuck me that was funny l	toxic
i miss you even more i was supposed to se you on saturday but my dad fuck that shit up	toxic
if you ever need help holding shit down this side of the rio grande .	toxic
oh yeaaa dammit he dont count lls rt lor ass johnnie llab	toxic
lol i got too many tweets & i miss yo freak ass	toxic
reply to fb , its important and shit	toxic
yu came up with dat shit lol	toxic
will do haha , need to pay for the fuckin thing first haha	toxic
send me another zip up from your line ! shit 's so comfy	toxic
the fuck ? ! random ass , how was it ? ! ? !	toxic
sexpot sharon blocked me ! ? ! what the actual fuck ! ! ! we had a bond	toxic
im bored as shit ! wats the move ?	toxic
fuck ! it 's just for withdrawals	toxic
i wish i knew more fucking spanish .	toxic
swerr ? ? ? ? haha ! smh lazy asses	toxic
shit i have an interview next week and they 've specifically requested a print based portfolio	toxic
shes a bitch but im so sorry you thought it was youu	toxic
damn my alarm went off twice and i still dnt wanna get up	toxic
oh shit that sucks well i 'm gonna sleep goodnight !	toxic
- get the stick out of my ass	toxic
hes fuckin epic in fifa tho	toxic
bitch don 't use my name in a tweet	toxic
fuck ! how did she talk to you ? !	toxic
it 's moment like now where you sit back , take stock and realize how truly fucked you are	toxic
fuck i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath	toxic
sit ya happy ass down lol	toxic
hey bitch , i 'm back > d	toxic
turn that shit turn that shit lol	toxic
feels the same as being 100 my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrowcrazy shit man	toxic
when i get it send your address and shit and ill send it	toxic
cool cool i needa take my ass to the gym i been slacking this week lol	toxic
holy shit , i hope he comes .	toxic
_ _ _ _ < i 've gotten into too much shit i guess .	toxic
shit doesn 't really change with your parents when you turn 5	toxic
rt ima agree with you on that his shit is so bland and shallow	toxic
give some fucking respect to colleagues for once .	toxic
glad to read that sprung asses butsoproud of you two	toxic
"i got so many bitches chasing me smh """	toxic
i know , im all obbsessed and shit ahaa	toxic
this cold is kickin my ass	toxic
i miss yur crazy ass lol	toxic
going the fuckin in on these tweets	toxic
who the fuck are you ?	toxic
only cuz yu cracc me up so i say shit to keep it goin lol	toxic
yo fuck you i liked that mixtape lollololll	toxic
grr , i said if you fucked jb youd be considered a gold digger	toxic
fox would pay out the ass , and they have a network channel	toxic
lola is a fucking beast ok	toxic
and i hate it cuz of that reason , its fuckin bullshit	toxic
fuck ! ! i should of went	toxic
bare on about paparrazi and shit like she 's experienced it before	toxic
some dick head be a different color then body	toxic
im to much of a pussy to punch a wall , and i love gizmo , i wouldnt hurt him	toxic
kissing you , holding you close to me damn	toxic
nah slim unless jaden got us both and stashed his my shit is gone already lol	toxic
i 'm the cutest bitch out here	toxic
for all y 'all bitches who thought i didn 't have hair because i wore tracks	toxic
it 's not the dick they fighting over	toxic
that 's why i 'm fuckin ' here	toxic
finished reading the heroin diaries , and holy shit , i loved it	toxic
i been on my grind with this job n shit .	toxic
loooking back there was somme neeky shit going on	toxic
nandos - great , or shit ? please vote .	toxic
fuck gettin older i wanna be a kid again lmao	toxic
sure bitch , see you later	toxic
bitch i miss you ! when you comingg to see me ! ?	toxic
that 's it i 'm calling guillermo to tell him some shit .	toxic
"im fuckin starving i gotta go get some food "" quire leche ? lol"	toxic
< omg looook a russian letter wow ! < erm , what the fuck was this ? d	toxic
i wasn 't aware you had tumblr i 've just followed you , you sexy piece of ass	toxic
he 's a pain in the ass , but he knows so much .	toxic
well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny that shit	toxic
rt up early missing the shit outta my gf - good thing i live with mine	toxic
i bet you are ! girl talk yo shit lol	toxic
* yells * fucks sake stross ! just do it !	toxic
and a moron for using such a popular inet pic	toxic
i just do this shit for kicks .	toxic
oh shit i thought jeffries was off the knicks list ! this could go down a treat !	toxic
awh shit me too mhm lol so what you watching ? i feel like i 'm being weird	toxic
shit a rickshaw banged into your car ?	toxic
hope injuries forced changes otherwise ? ? what the fuck !	toxic
sorry for being a complete bitch to you gabe	toxic
fuck off you and stop stalking my tweets .	toxic
no you werent becouse you said you were barely getting on unser sostop the fuckin lieing	toxic
he ain 't shit to be regarded for lol	toxic
yes yung n i feel stupid ova here tryin keep up wiff yuh know i juss made dis shit	toxic
rotfl ! stop tryna go before i destroy yo ass !	toxic
all that shit you love and have a good birthday	toxic
wow - even high on flu meds there is still steaming piles of shit on tv	toxic
dad told me to catch him up on my shit	toxic
i feel like doing some evil shit right now .	toxic
it never was shit and its never gon be shit .	toxic
all my timeline is full of shit about 57 d and im just like stfu	toxic
whatever man just forget about it i asked something simple and u gotta be smart ass about it	toxic
that 's just so fucking rude .	toxic
oh shit i almost forgot what time	toxic
you are gonna live by midnight , and that is a fucking nightmare you shit ass fuckface .	toxic
nd wat makes yu think that yu still just a mean ass person	toxic
it trades high on famu 's pussy stock market .	toxic
oh shit me either grandma of the goddess	toxic
it 's called auto correct on my iphone you dumb ass	toxic
fuck that i aint going for a year ! ! !	toxic
stop blaming shit on me	toxic
you gotta admit that was fuckin hilarious though !	toxic
no i dont otherwise i wouldnt have asked who the fuck is cory	toxic
you won 't even last a day here with that kind of shit .	toxic
lol no no no punk ass	toxic
lol ohh shit that good tho i just got a job interview d	toxic
o shit ! that was you ? dude you are huuuuge	toxic
then my ass is in mexico !	toxic
o fuckin hell wont be long till 55 d xx	toxic
he was pretty stupid tho , but i did lol	toxic
ill figure this shit out .	toxic
yeah and didnt call me back whore im finna break up with you lol	toxic
have you done some type of survey or some shit to prove that sir ?	toxic
dom someone clothes are done vote if i should move they shit or not lol	toxic
i swear my mom gets on my fucking nerves likee .	toxic
talk shit all day i don 't mind	toxic
ohmy i 'm friends with cute ass now !	toxic
well if you find out lemme know , i just might get off my ass and come through lls	toxic
if there is one thing i learned tonight , i need to get my ass back in shape lmao	toxic
lol ikr she da retard who showed me dat shit	toxic
aye bro ! u do the conflict and analysis change shit thingy sheet paper ?	toxic
fuck , why do i always listen to you	toxic
mondays rock my world , i literally love this shit	toxic
the sun coming out and i think im bout to say fuck it	toxic
i just realized how tatted is kinda sexyyy i can fuck w that *	toxic
captain fuckin crunch is the shit !	toxic
road up to savoy dat wasnt hitttin on shit gotta c where everyboy at	toxic
i don 't think i know this girl or loud bitch your talking about haha	toxic
he can tell anyone he wants to fuck off	toxic
* he slowly and nervously slides inside her pussy , moaning at the feeling * fuck	toxic
fuck my life ! well good thing its only 36	toxic
he said you said i was a crazy bitch	toxic
fuck , i 'm extra , extra careful now	toxic
whats ur bio say ? and do u speak english ? rt and great ass	toxic
you have to be fucking kidding me if youre thinking that youre not one of these guys	toxic
i keep it real in this phony ass business	toxic
i went 24 months ! then i fucked up ! hard to get back on track	toxic
damn damn nigga why do we live so far away	toxic
lol why did dis shit make me laugh shawty ?	toxic
i 'm sick of your shit right its over	toxic
i don 't treat u like shit	toxic
they was just callin way too many damn fouls shit was horrible	toxic
it didn 't thin out the frosting which was really nice ! glad u found the ass .	toxic
oh shit the video fuck , haven 't even started ! ! !	toxic
yes , she can 't pronounce for shit	toxic
llh don 't be listening to my shit while you thinking of another	toxic
lmbo ! ! why would i make a real video to yo song witout you nigga lol	toxic
after 49 shiit fuck what u sayin	toxic
fuck i thought it was just me and the tv put on 23 lbs	toxic
like a nigga ever left up out this bitch	toxic
oh you didn 't know ! ! ! ! you ass betta calllll somebodyyyyy ! ! ! ! !	toxic
fucking love that song < 89 but i 'm listening to eminem right now haha	toxic
yess you look like you would beat somebody ass lol you not sweet	toxic
girl this shit jus got started	toxic
lakers too good especially when big shit on the line .	toxic
what the fuck did you do	toxic
hd on these new tvs piss me off , they need to tone it down some , shit to clear	toxic
nawwwww fix ya shit 79 st fam	toxic
i 'm gamma kick your ass and i am gamma go buy one with	toxic
me back before i unfollow his rookie ass	toxic
again with the ignoring damn girl .	toxic
you 're making yourself look dumb	toxic
contrary to popular belief i think all time low is shit .	toxic
bitch , the beatles are my favorite band .	toxic
""" i saw his weak ass tags in ny last week"	toxic
niggas want it all up front now	toxic
just sitting around sweating my ass off	toxic
yeah but it 's really * great * shit !	toxic
whaaaaat is happening in this fucking picture ? why can 't the world make any sense anymore ?	toxic
my boyfriend got arrested for throwing a rock at someone 's windshield after they fucking followed us .	toxic
girl me too ! i 'm about to keep my ass at home !	toxic
heat aint on shit this year	toxic
* pouts and climbs over you * move your ass !	toxic
p i love you bitch , thank you < 36 xxx	toxic
nobody fucking understand wtf im saying ! they acting like its cool	toxic
lol hell yea i couldnt see shit wit his black ass	toxic
trying is shit ! ! rt baby don 't you know that i try .	toxic
lol ! i 'm not baking cakes ! that shit requires to much effort	toxic
now i feel like an ass	toxic
tumblr , you gotta fix your shit , you know ?	toxic
lol that 's not a lie at all so stop showin ya ass for twitter lil boy lol	toxic
drive down tomorrow i aint got shit to do	toxic
i 'm so fucking sick of all the rap and all the r & b being fuckin techno	toxic
fuck love , i 'm tired of trying	toxic
you smell like shit , ass , mesh in peins	toxic
where carley at ? her pussy the only one i trust	toxic
it 's only the first day but i 'm just bored and the weathers shit haha	toxic
ayee i was going make one too lol take boyz off imma grown ass man	toxic
and he was talking shit about duct tape saying they wont do shit	toxic
the fuck how 'd you get blood on your shirt haha	toxic
yo its hot as shit out man	toxic
ugh , can the fuckin movie just start already .	toxic
imma grown ass man , girl	toxic
cool , i was gonna say i got some nice shit here d	toxic
* she rolls her eyes * stop being a pussy and get in the fucking car !	toxic
but i like pop punky shit too	toxic
her though rt bitch looks like she might actually be shaped like a corn pop	toxic
i give a fuck though ! ! ! cause your important to me < 100	toxic
fuck u if u don 't agree	toxic
u 'd be surprised all the shit u think about when u jus sittin there	toxic
lol hell yea and you know i really dont even be on this bitch	toxic
well sometime this week im getting my ass tattoo revived lol ! & i don 't wanna go alone	toxic
fuck the 18 day trip s	toxic
stop laughing bitch and help me like i asked .	toxic
fucking paul reiser on tv every week	toxic
everytime you call it a ' man pussy ' i die inside	toxic
sumone did some off the wall shit ! notcooltweet .	toxic
i want mine you thievin ass bitchhhhh !	toxic
lmao nah brah i aint got shit to hide	toxic
i been on my hooping shit	toxic
thanks for fucking up my charger , now im phoneless till further notice !	toxic
its so hot i am getting it shit i cant wait ahhh d	toxic
idk , my hair out & shit	toxic
how fly was dope as hell and was definitely wizs best shit	toxic
you gotta ollie your ass on the escalator first lol	toxic
come on , red sparowes is definitely the most retarded when it comes to song titles .	toxic
i am nobody 's bitch * paraphrasing jet li *	toxic
friend from sienna heights cool as fuck	toxic
it sad when girls want to talk shit about you when they dont know fuck all about you	toxic
- i shake my head - if he wants to be a dick let him	toxic
yes that would make my day smart ass	toxic
i wish i could fucking sleep right now	toxic
go take a cold shower guy ! ! they have became my best friend they the shit .	toxic
plus u were rude as fuck to me on your damn birthday - _ - the fuck .	toxic
woah ! fal your so nice you fucking twit	toxic
lmao cause you probably was on that 56 shit lol	toxic
o shit real ? that makes my day wat town is that	toxic
d fuck i love you in a creepy way too	toxic
lol we need to get out of these suspect ass parts of hoco	toxic
shit sooo i aint in it lmao	toxic
i don 't even play that shit anymore	toxic
lol i wanna drop this shit today	toxic
what the fuck is north essex ?	toxic
to think i actually loved you * laughs * i 'm such a god damn idiot	toxic
uhh noo , you get your ass to bed i ain 't the one who has a bedtime lol .	toxic
"what 's the significance of the "" two shits "" ? ?"	toxic
shit , you never told me the timeee xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	toxic
that shit was funny to me ! ! & you stay wearin tank tops & shorts ! lls	toxic
sleep at 29 + , feel worse than shit .	toxic
and you know im serious because its a recession out here and chocolate is expensive as shit	toxic
or a car < 31 said i care bout that shit	toxic
40thingsaboutme whatever the fuck number i 'm on	toxic
i was fucking serious you guise | | | | ejkvndjfvns	toxic
no you ass i wouldn 't say that p	toxic
i miss hugging the shit outta you .	toxic
i bet a whopper that i 'm going to get awkward shits from eating	toxic
i could go find stuff to do but i 'm lazy as shit	toxic
you gunna park dumb ass close to my car again so i can 't get in ?	toxic
fuck this apartment too its a piece of shit	toxic
jeff didn 't say shit about that .	toxic
that shit could come in handy lmaoo	toxic
what the name of it ? an shit thats what im doin	toxic
thats like me saying to you the beatles are shit lol	toxic
just let that nigga know , put his ass in check	toxic
bitch i am a monster i belong on district 24 .	toxic
omfg my fucking arsehole stepdad just turned off the fucking internet	toxic
fuck yes ! making a new cd ?	toxic
too fuckin cute ! ! ! no say sumthin else	toxic
you gotta come at me sideways nshit	toxic
i wasn 't even late the bitch just wanted to be a dick ! uughhhh	toxic
what the fuck is on my tv now ?	toxic
sitting in the rain , fucking buses	toxic
sometimes i wish i could sing like maxwell , but then i say fuck it .	toxic
fuckin right with the hornets !	toxic
bc you dnt fuck wit me	toxic
what the fuck about me ?	toxic
i was fuckin bored as shit	toxic
my followers found that shit goofy too huh ?	toxic
i apologize for being such a dick then	toxic
tell casper to send me that shit !	toxic
fuck you stealing my jokes n shit	toxic
i sware i put music on it i dunno wer it went piece of shit ! !	toxic
really i guess we do shit likee that now ctfuu	toxic
my fucking new beats by dr	toxic
i need a fuckin tan !	toxic
there is nothing on the brief though , it 's not even a fucking project	toxic
just retweeted herself , she is so fucking cool ! gosh !	toxic
gotta goto fucking church with my family	toxic
caitlin we need to talk tomorrow , if you can put up with my shit mood haha !	toxic
rt rt undermining and belittling someone gets you on shit list quick .	toxic
* moans , eyes rolling back and closing * fuck .	toxic
water might make it slip off but not make it a bitch to burn	toxic
i wish someone would help me make a damn decision already with this kickback and this damn jam session	toxic
no reply yet haha i feel like a bitch but that 's a deal breaker for me	toxic
! ! ! he gon beatcho ass as if you fucked up some lyrics or movie quotes	toxic
i 'm sorry people are being dicks to u	toxic
damn damn damn damn damn .	toxic
that 's what the fuck i 'm talkin about microsoft lol .	toxic
u kno how it sneeks up on yo ass	toxic
yeah i can ! wait till i come imma whip ya ass !	toxic
lol na it 's my iphone shit fuccin up bro lol	toxic
lmao just heard the funniest shit bam kidd rapping i 'm n tears	toxic
holy fucking shit dude that 's amazing	toxic
oh yeah watch out for those to bad asses haha	toxic
i aint heard shit from or about nickiminaj since that blackfriday video ? she in hiding ! lol	toxic
i dont know how to work this shit	toxic
oh hail nawl - - - - bitch where are you ? !	toxic
this shit come on every week ! they should know how to spell it by now ! lol	toxic
i know if i don 't help it 'll bite me in the ass one day	toxic
he is playin shit had his ankle hacked all game	toxic
get this pathetic bastard of twitter	toxic
i 'm bout to do that shit right now .	toxic
them perverted females are the craziest of them all	toxic
- nips your ear - god , you 're so fuckin ' romantic .	toxic
this shit is too funny > fltg	toxic
yea im tired as shit ready to leave asap	toxic
i wish it was like shit .	toxic
nigga i member u had me and driving around lo0kin for that damn girl	toxic
i really fuck wit this dr	toxic
smh rt rt and the fucked up part about this whole day is	toxic
damn fuck ass bitch mother fuck went to change a tire look at my discovery blown hub	toxic
its not that you aint shit , if anything it 's on them	toxic
wesley called bellatrix a bitch	toxic
i 'm waiting on your ass mama	toxic
damn ! just had a nice home cooked meal < 60 wuh bout you lol	toxic
where has your ass been ?	toxic
do you often tweet at your dick	toxic
damn how 'd u know ? ! i woke up in a bomb ass mood ! ! ! ! !	toxic
that 's fucking rad that you get to help backstage .	toxic
man dat nigga jordan ain 't tell me shit bout it but most likely i am .	toxic
"fuck the rest of yall tho "" real disrespectful blackness"	toxic
i 'm try to do easy shit like cutting up stuff to pass time !	toxic
i was literally making shit up off the top of my head for most of that	toxic
what ? uni give me money ? are you stupid ? i paid huge amounts for a shit education	toxic
you got a shit - ton of gear	toxic
that 's right bitches , that 's my seat	toxic
everyone i meet is always from some far away place and shit smh lol it sucks	toxic
i hope dis crazy bitch leave me alone fa gud dis time smdreads	toxic
damn girl i ain 't gonna lie i had to use the dictionary	toxic
rt these white girls ozen playing damn near cold	toxic
i got my fucking period ! >	toxic
dude , you have a way of saying some of the most interesting shit	toxic
she dnt even get dick so she b stressin	toxic
where you work at ? armane & justin left your ass down here smh .	toxic
naw , we was playin in my nigga room	toxic
i 'm not the only one doesn 't like it and what the fuck is swagger jagger ?	toxic
uhm , i think not bitch stfu ! shit , lmao .	toxic
not see here since dick head came over about the 76 bottles off gin you took	toxic
why what the fuck will you do weirdo ! ?	toxic
shit i 'm stuck in this chaptewr d	toxic
bitch you never knew shes been prego for the past month	toxic
seriously though it 's great , fuck a car gas is too much , 50	toxic
this shit is gettin crazy .	toxic
om actual g , some fucking college has put my website on their reading list	toxic
and how am i bein a jerk ?	toxic
i ain 't never seen white shit , what nationality r u ?	toxic
owl fagg niggas made me mad	toxic
i been ready for u to bring dat ass back	toxic
i 'm always a bitch to you .	toxic
g i was like wtfing shit ? ? !	toxic
you ain 't gonna do shit ! your a bluff p	toxic
bruce springsteeeeeeeeeen , i fucking love bruce springsteen	toxic
besttttt you knowwwww ! i don do shit w	toxic
let her stay to her boring ass house !	toxic
dont worry , joe horn is on my shit list too	toxic
fuck yea i did , shit is better then both games combined	toxic
holy fucking jeebus , that 's good !	toxic
i was talkin shit yesterday lik was i jus backed up n im ready ta do the same 99 day	toxic
it 's a fucking date ! love you and goodnight gorgeous d < 16	toxic
* inhales sharply , shaking her head * oh god ow , i can 't do this , fuck .	toxic
good shit that should be a classic	toxic
rawrrr ! ! lol now that i think about it shit	toxic
until i fucked shit up ?	toxic
yea my lido sis broke her tooth l0l xd dumbass & damn lazy ass ! xd haha jk x	toxic
yo be a nice little person and write me down for that r , s , v , p shit	toxic
its sum shit about yo daddy	toxic
go in the kitchen and cook dinner you lazy ass p rt honey	toxic
not today i got sum work to do but i fuck wit it next time u go	toxic
bitch ! i said a dance team	toxic
rofl ! ! ! soz but that just made me laugh ! seriously tho what the fuck ? ?	toxic
yeah it will be a nice ass kicking like they did last month in san antonio .	toxic
u kno messiah good 60 gettin his ass beat by everybody but talk da most shit	toxic
hey fool my phone was being retarded yesterday sawie	toxic
lol ! ! ! ! nigga , take your hoe bath now and get ready .	toxic
bra tell me if that shit open or not !	toxic
oh okkk get your shit straight and dnt come at me like that ! lol	toxic
nigga i kno lol that why this petty shit ain 't worth it lmaoooo !	toxic
cuz he 's a millionaire and don 't givva fuck ! lmao	toxic
some people find a solution to their problems using violence , like that fuck man !	toxic
just watched new curb ep 98 fuckin class leon 's funny as shit	toxic
damn is like a fucking genius	toxic
that nigguh has some dope abs > _ <	toxic
oh ! really d awesooomeee ! i fuckin ' love dogs , once i had one r	toxic
be on his fuck bitches alllll week	toxic
faxx but sometimes you still get pregnant why you on it that shit can fuck you up period .	toxic
i just cat deal with their asses	toxic
you 've never seen my ass ! lol	toxic
you know i fuck with the goldengirls lmfao	toxic
""" * has pile of shit billie gave him to give to you *"	toxic
lmfaooooooooooo this bitch ain 't fooling me .	toxic
fuck android , i got that whack phone droid phone under my bed !	toxic
shit dont do nun 10 me no more	toxic
tell bitches to rear your child ! i need the internet	toxic
he 's always riding round my way , he 's a fucking nuisance ! !	toxic
bitch you in my bathroom	toxic
"i hate when folks ask me "" why you up so late ? "" cuz bitch i 'm grown ."	toxic
i could get more pussy then you , and i don 't even flow that way .	toxic
can you guys see my icon ? ? ? i cant sss twitter is fucking up x	toxic
what can go deeper than dubstep ? my dick	toxic
still talking shit ! bruh he wanna get clapped up real quick .	toxic
what the fuck is that about ?	toxic
only lasted for 58 mins thank fuck .	toxic
did you just call me a fuck tard ? ? ? lmao	toxic
haha i was like oh shit she was doing the myspace pose !	toxic
detroit bvb concert tonight ! fuck yea ! cant wait to see	toxic
like this shit just blew the fuck out of me	toxic
i kept seeing you tweet and realized we on the same shit	toxic
lmao well i aint got no food so i cant cook shit	toxic
lighten the fuck up stabby .	toxic
lmaoooo i had thee hardest time swallowin tht thick dry ass peanut butter smh	toxic
these online summer classes are fucking up , getting on my damn nerves	toxic
just shut up , cause you 're not a tough bitch .	toxic
his ass should kno dat < - - that henn have ya right too	toxic
finding nemo 's so much better ! he is a retard	toxic
yes ! so fucking annoying ! now i can 't have sex for 56 months like wtf ! lol .	toxic
damn so was stealing pics acting like her smh i 'm following the real page now tho	toxic
not got 46 , fucking vodafone gone on strick i think no texts or anything	toxic
all the stupid shit i be saying , all i get is retweets , lol 's , and conversation .	toxic
im at home hahaha ctfuuuuu fuck outa here i wasnt walkin to get no car	toxic
how ya been ? i see you been tweetin some inspirational shit lately lol .	toxic
im just laying down , in the dark , hot as shit , moving around	toxic
hell yea i just left the fuckin mall rt herm u know dem griffeys only came out in kids	toxic
i wish i felt sorry for him but i can 't help but laugh , nani is a cunt .	toxic
i can 't hear you with all that dick in you mouth	toxic
fuck no , his swagg gotta be on point that is def	toxic
shed still hate me and i 'd hate her .	toxic
i didnt cause of the tv downstairs but ugh close call tho damn steelers - _ - anyways yeah	toxic
fuck perez , he s such a asslicker * in my mother s voice * hahah	toxic
lmao yeaaah it can if its the same shit over & over again	toxic
so i 'm not able to join you on the bitch fest .	toxic
kris didn 't talk shit , he spoke truthfully	toxic
at times her ass be decent tho ! she can 't blow like you but she iight	toxic
you could be working now and earning the extra instead of using unproductive time moaning like a bitch	toxic
that shit aint the same no mo son	toxic
i dunno shit about cars , but that 's a good - looking set	toxic
fuck the northern state and this traffic right now tho	toxic
"her "" will she won 't she "" shit is pretty insufferable ."	toxic
i bet u watch them bitches tho	toxic
let 's play connect the dots w pimples ! probably gon come out to be a dick !	toxic
a lot ! ! eofjchfirkbf fucking love it !	toxic
bye sickening lol ur a hoe rt im easy if it comes to u lol	toxic
its bc crash has crazy ass stories to share about her hurting herself	toxic
can a bitch get a stack ?	toxic
and don 't talk to me like i 'm a dumb bitch	toxic
* smiles , waiter brings food , begins eating * holy crap	toxic
are you following me ? fuck outta here .	toxic
lol same here school & work is kickin my ass	toxic
oh thats shit ! i couldn 't be arsed with that .	toxic
heey , you bitches it 's debz deb debbie deborah	toxic
trying ! ! how many chaps does this shit last for	toxic
lol im not followin u cuz seein u flirt wit bitches make me wanna barf	toxic
smh i 'm telling you i woulda hooked your shits up	toxic
you need to pop that shit off	toxic
ewww y u putting shit on yo teeth ! lol	toxic
turning down an a - list celeb ? who the fuck are you though ? noyourdeffonotwinning hahaha	toxic
arg this is shit ! then i send u the chapter in parts , okay < 94	toxic
hahah and no its not he can send your ass whenever	toxic
fuck no where are you ?	toxic
i c my bulls out here taken care of shit	toxic
says who go sit the fuck down for the palm of my hand smacks your face ! ! ! !	toxic
rt hoe rt i fuck em , then replace em , then i erase em out my contacts .	toxic
yuu dont know the immensity of the fuck i dont give	toxic
looool kyian you cunt , its not moist tho its the truth	toxic
ladygaga hates britney ! ! ! she always talks shit about her ! ! ! you dumb ass lol	toxic
* holds your ass cheeks , thrusting at once , crying out *	toxic
ahahah ok * horsey knocks you off * bad bitch lmao	toxic
sometimes you can be such a bitch	toxic
she is ! fuck 's sake stross ! * fights against you *	toxic
like the only way to win is to headbutt the shit out of the bear .	toxic
werd they on they good play bad play shit !	toxic
hahaha ya my mom thinks i 'm retarded d lol	toxic
omg , you 're such a pussy lol	toxic
this new shit on cabin fever sounds like the old wiz	toxic
if i was pregnant i 'd go about my shit like a gangsta	toxic
you aint bout to kill my pets bitch - p	toxic
nick boles is such an annoying twat , even for a tory mp bbcnews	toxic
stop singing miguel bitch i put u on him	toxic
i think thats why i find them so fucking sexy	toxic
yeah ! fuck that bullshit homie ! plus you gotta drive for 77 + hours just to get there !	toxic
youre siced as shit tho .	toxic
all them mothafuckas know whts poppin trust me ! i bet them bitches ain 't getting cutoff in chicago	toxic
u bitch hw cud u loooool it ws funny though hheheehhehhehehehhehehheh so hws u doin	toxic
i be bored as shit .	toxic
smoke shit ? that wont be very nice	toxic
i am soo fucked up right now	toxic
it was about a boat or some shit	toxic
but the rest are shit .	toxic
if this is the case i 'm fucking proud of you man	toxic
shit just got real xd your cool p	toxic
i don 't care why anyone says mcdonalds breakfast is the shit	toxic
u guys n wiz can keep that shit	toxic
why you hating on my good ass jokes ? see you jealous	toxic
they 're doing some site maintenance shit & it 'll be back tomorrow supposedly .	toxic
i dont fuck wit strangers p	toxic
good looks you should of came last night shit was insane mayne	toxic
rt if you want to help get fuck trending !	toxic
ima beat your ass , go to bedd	toxic
shit that 's why ain 't nobody riding .	toxic
i know ! shit , wheree you ?	toxic
""" how is he doing the oregon trail on a broken fucking leg"	toxic
lmao plz u dnt scare me one bit w yo sexxi ass	toxic
your friend was a complete dick .	toxic
fuck u been at stranger ?	toxic
have fun with this one some punk ass kid stole my first wand at the dh book midnight release .	toxic
and aint even realized i havent said shit	toxic
clearly ! lol yo ass talked through the whole damn movie smh neverrrr going to the movies with you again	toxic
i got a ticket for playin ball u believe that shit man	toxic
well please tell what the fuck i actually fucking did because i honestly have no clue lolololol	toxic
omg that junt was too funny ! i swear i miss trippin with yo crazy ass	toxic
i 'd kinda feel bad , all the lonely ass people would buy it lmao	toxic
he has about a million fucking tickets .	toxic
alan carr is so fucking funnnnny !	toxic
"rd , lor ass gon get beat right tf up "" again"	toxic
me and you are going out tomorrow night ima pick ya little sweet ass up .	toxic
i 've been in bed all day , i 'm such a lazy ass .	toxic
shit i wish i was sleeping	toxic
so you dnt need school cuz you takin pictures in yo drawls for twitter & shit	toxic
i 'd be like yeah well dad is he in optic ? that 's right fuck off	toxic
ok so i asked yo plump ass how the summit went and u ignored me ? ? ? ?	toxic
better than yesterday no , really , my teeth hurt like shit yesterday	toxic
ima see yo ass on the space station one day of some super random shit	toxic
it is so goddamn messy here	toxic
what a shitty thing to say to somebody	toxic
fuck my life my ipods a prick sorry	toxic
i know right she 's so fucking gorgeous i love this pic	toxic
whoa im lost lol shit not cool danielle let me in the boxx damn ahahaha	toxic
fuck mannnnnn im kinda nervous about getting my whole neck done	toxic
that game tuff as shit im the truth in it	toxic
and majority of the shit was already known to the public and police	toxic
shit , you lucky mother fucker	toxic
they keep on changing pointless shit we dont care about when all the wanted is a friggin dislike button .	toxic
wow today has turned into a shit day all i can say is see you all later	toxic
the teacher is boring as shit hmph	toxic
ahahahaha he dont want ur ass at home ? ? ?	toxic
shit nothing much , livin this yung life of mine nd chilln , wbu	toxic
my fucking neighbour knocked on my door at 36 36 this morning	toxic
man monica that shit was good as fuck lol	toxic
"although as i think i 've established , "" audi - driving cunt "" is a tautology"	toxic
lol how much yall shit be costing over there ?	toxic
who the fuck does she think she is ?	toxic
and i am so fucking nervous * nervous smile *	toxic
o shit he havin his baby tell him goodluck	toxic
wow you 're super awesome bitch	toxic
everyone 's full of shit and has some kind of ulterior motive	toxic
seriously nobody 's fuckin with my sis	toxic
aw shit ! ! ! rt 96 days late	toxic
i fucking hope that is true !	toxic
haha i 'm not one to be anybody 's bitch	toxic
i was in middleschool when i played u now i 'm in highschool grown as shit	toxic
i 've noticed we use the same words dick < 1 but i 'm nicer	toxic
why the fuck won 't anybody do anything ? so bored .	toxic
omfg i can 't find that shit no where ! !	toxic
just not as funny as yabba - dabba - bitch to me	toxic
i 'm having a shit time too .	toxic
nope i can 't be bothered man that thing is shitting me arghh well have you ? ?	toxic
lol , real shit though it 's brianna .	toxic
haha maybe i read too much belldom ? ? ? ? who knows and fucking cares ! dd	toxic
thinking he was dead i answered like a fucking dumbass - _ _ _ _ _ _ -	toxic
i agree , if he can get focused , he will make hernandez look shit	toxic
i suppose it 's more fun to make shit up	toxic
umm i jus found out some shit	toxic
yeah get that car shit straight it 's time to go out and do it big ! ! lol	toxic
who is going to drive my drunk ass home ?	toxic
or just tell them to fuck off !	toxic
bitch had no hair , on the side - lmfaooo	toxic
omg chris ! but why the hell shirley let me drive her shit	toxic
"lol they gon be like "" woman just order some damn coffee ! "" lol"	toxic
i 'm also fuckin fried so pls make sure it is you that answers the phone	toxic
but i 've got mother fuckin ' moves like bieber	toxic
umm okay , im not wearing it any way smart ass !	toxic
hahaha i enjoyed that ! fuck i feel like goin out the nite lol	toxic
this is why you don 't live with the person you 're fucking .	toxic
yeah , it is still cheap as shit , which is apt because that is what it tastes like .	toxic
that is such a fucking joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail	toxic
he 'll get shit on more then praise	toxic
fucking internet > e i am not happy .	toxic
iron man - black sabbath - bad ass .	toxic
lmao shit gone be blacker den me lol	toxic
"no shit xd haha but really at first i was like o d and the like "" lololol "" xd"	toxic
i was such a bitch , please i 'm sorry	toxic
no shit sherlock , dayton died last year	toxic
omfg bitchh , ion want hear bout that shit ! lmfao	toxic
better shit tonight ! no days off !	toxic
ok tht sucks sooo much ass	toxic
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who gives a fuck	toxic
i wasn 't about too see that weird shit .	toxic
u see me mad right n just fuckin talkin like really fuckin talkin	toxic
i be bored as fuck ! you ? ! ^ _ ^	toxic
where his lil ass at anyway ?	toxic
o the heat kicking boston ass	toxic
you 've just proven my point - you are a bitch !	toxic
it 's slightly overrun with atl shit , be aware .	toxic
get the fuck outta here	toxic
shit lets do it then	toxic
get your pocahontas ass outta here lmao d	toxic
i cannot sing to save my life honestly im so shit aahahah	toxic
its one of those days where everyone is a bitch .	toxic
oh fuck ! * runs away fast as lighting * xd	toxic
yeah sweet shit its big so shade slowly mine got fucked up because the guy went to fast !	toxic
i could prove yo ass wrong	toxic
it 's the funniest , most disturbing shit ever .	toxic
< but because you just are i know about your foul ass lol	toxic
you can do what you want , without having to worry about my ass	toxic
just tell me how old u are you ass hole	toxic
my lashes are already the shit ! just thin	toxic
u fuckin bitch ! u fuckin little bitch ! u say u get rid of all my friends	toxic
twitterpetpeeve when u someone and they keep tweetin like yo shit didn 't excist	toxic
why can 't i have a conversation that doesn 't involve sex ? damn .	toxic
cause you a fool with it	toxic
it was rude of me to say heifer keep getting dogged your feelings are not about shit anyways !	toxic
ohh bitch the judge say other wise bitch i getem every other weekend	toxic
she would kick sum serious ass as a bond girl ! ! ! !	toxic
so if you do i 'm throwing fingers out screaming fuck you	toxic
fuck yeah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations bitch ! < 6	toxic
fuck it , just get the van on it	toxic
i d c bout shit nomore ! dont know why i use to in the first place	toxic
"but your only "" evidence "" is fucking jason fucking manford from salford saying something on tv !"	toxic
lmao that is so mean , but you use to whip my soft baby ass	toxic
i am not even in the mood for that i feel that shit	toxic
lol he wasn 't playin , he remembered that shit	toxic
what the fuck ? why ? how ? or is it personal ?	toxic
got some shit 67 say about me mention me allimsaying	toxic
how the fuck did you manage that ? ?	toxic
shit man you 'll demolish spadafora but anyone u will fight fuck that 's a punch ! u right	toxic
man beat it im a fuckin guru .	toxic
"so no more soccer for the week "" fuck that shit i was kinda pumped for soccer -"	toxic
loads of people would come ! but how would you power amps and shit ?	toxic
by 50 ! ? you were still playing at 50 ! ? that 's well shit	toxic
the nigga in me turned it off as soon as i got it	toxic
i mean fuck it i 'm up that late anyway	toxic
loving how all this shites made up about and everyone reads like omg	toxic
because im such a fucking nice person ya cunt arent you getting me i 'v changed d jeeeeeeez fuckin o	toxic
thats right right big homie i see ya doing big things , i fucks wit ya	toxic
that shit was burning my eyes i woke up my shit swollen and shit	toxic
o fucking love him ! xd xxx	toxic
why don 't you fuck off ? -	toxic
wats point chattin shit all over again with ya dutty back up gyals	toxic
damn ight let me get dressed real quick and let me find some keys cuz im takin somebody car lol	toxic
why the fuck are french people tweeting me	toxic
good shit and i told you bro	toxic
swag elevated x 64 since them old ass pics	toxic
this has created a rift only healed through the power of shit tattoo sketches	toxic
i 've been up since 62 bitches	toxic
shit what you eat ? i 'm hungry as hell .	toxic
tired as fuck ! i 've been unpacking all day s	toxic
people jus be so sensitive bout shit	toxic
im trying to hop on sum of your shit well it dont matter shiit an know prob fam .	toxic
fuck yeah , and i really love mickey mouse club house	toxic
dat fb shit i think	toxic
well hurry da fuck up then ! ! !	toxic
my bro told me get a couple of my bad bitches , and lets chill on the block tonight	toxic
lmaoooo bitch you forgot cab bcus i 'm not going to sleep	toxic
is anyone elses twitter fucking up ? my tweets arent displaying properly in my timeline t _ t fail twitter	toxic
on his fb page he 's all fuck 78 lives	toxic
how about if i shit myself from time to time ?	toxic
the weather is lovely and i feel like shit .	toxic
that is the most fucking pathetic area e i 've ever seen , period .	toxic
i clearly don 't give a shit	toxic
damn i thought i did	toxic
there is no excuse for having no ass nothing is more visually appealing to the imagination	toxic
you keep playing with them white folks .	toxic
where the fuck is my burger king ?	toxic
damn to get cervical dysplasia don 't you have to be getting like	toxic
why 's crippin being a dick ?	toxic
hmm well not really but shit why not	toxic
rt scientists baffled by man 's incredible ability to fuck up every time	toxic
ok so if the glee students are graduating soon that means theyres barely any seasons left o fuck that shit	toxic
nahh fuck dat lol but you welcome lol .	toxic
""" bitch you posed to be making sure his he got his shit together !"	toxic
i put up with too much shit , i 'm too nice i need to fix that .	toxic
bitch you don 't know my life !	toxic
< got back and was practically fuckin ' interviewed	toxic
whats wrong with this bitch ass guido	toxic
that grove street party beat is my shit	toxic
sorry why would i want to fit your little ass dick in my mouth	toxic
plus , she said who wants to see my big ass dancing , anyhow ?	toxic
if she did it then she should just admit the shit	toxic
fuck a dm , i wanna go crazy	toxic
but an ass whoopin is gonna cost ya !	toxic
ha ahh shit , how much is it ?	toxic
i hate having to do shit last minute but i also do it .	toxic
damn ! ur working your ass of on this ! can 't wait to test it for you	toxic
lmao well unfollow they ass lol	toxic
no one gives a fuck about the music on ur ipod	toxic
i 'm over here by uta n shit .	toxic
omg omg omg every fucking day now , baby !	toxic
not trying to be a hater but the rapper curren $ y is already using jetset in all his shit	toxic
u shud have got up and twatted the cunt , that wuda shut him up !	toxic
i stink cuz i got a lot of shit in my mind	toxic
yeeeh , i was like , shower ? fuck yes	toxic
i said sorry cos i was rude , well i was fucking about	toxic
why did i just picture nixon givin me that crazy ass side look he gave me	toxic
i 'ma regr0w my shit don 't tripp mah nigguh	toxic
ditto ! ! rt you know itunes sometimes you are really a pain in the ass	toxic
anyone else wanna be a cunt to me while we 're at it ?	toxic
eminem is so fuckin sexy !	toxic
lmaoo go to sleep bitch , or stay awake till four and lift weights again x	toxic
i could use a big ass hamburger	toxic
fuck but i told my dad we have it	toxic
but funshion 's being a bitch lately ! d	toxic
some people need to get the fuck over themselves	toxic
do one of the following or fuck off 1	toxic
i don 't feel like going to work man fuck	toxic
sadly not one fucking man stepped in	toxic
maybe i shouldnt be on skype my mouth hurts so fuckking bad	toxic
y 'all funny as shit talking about my 49 status lol	toxic
wtf is he talkin bout ? retarded ass	toxic
iwish my mom would pull that shit ,	toxic
i need to fucking see harry potter	toxic
holy shit she trended holy shittt it will be soo easy on her bday ! ! !	toxic
it doesn 't touch my skin you pussy	toxic
sister i missed ya ass ! !	toxic
dead that , your getting whooped !	toxic
- - lmao ur such a bitch jus realize i had a typo least u kno where im gettin	toxic
helll yes fucking pumped for tonight	toxic
sounds awesome ! ! matts a fuckin genius ! !	toxic
well damn ! ima start running with y 'all starting tomorrow	toxic
its peak how over the years it became shit with every new season lol	toxic
junior year i went and had a date didn 't go well , she was a bitch	toxic
damn bitch phone disconnected lol sorry again who u up there with	toxic
"lmao i want one "" i wish i had another ice cream cone , that shit was scrumptious ."	toxic
i fucking am , i 'm all depressed - hyper now xd	toxic
i needa stay mi skinny as in the house like shit	toxic
i wouldnt even say shit	toxic
aww bitch well iight , saturday ima bring yu	toxic
lol you don 't fuck wit ya homie	toxic
he is also fit as fuck , that 's why i follow him	toxic
he 's probably getting high off his ass again , because he 's a loner like that .	toxic
can someone please explain to me why it 's so hard for me to be a bitch ?	toxic
bout to give a heavy ass lecture	toxic
even when we weren 't friends and i was an evil bitch to you .	toxic
i just want to know who that ass is ! lol	toxic
i live in fear of shit like that happening to me	toxic
macfly was the shit ! ! ! lol	toxic
same ol shit , just a different day .	toxic
now i have 53 fuck yeah	toxic
what the fuck ! they already have upgrades to ubersocial ? ! ?	toxic
fuck the haters up all night is actually amazing it 's grown on me heaps today	toxic
* settles down , pretending that i 'm gonna sleep now , then suddenly jumps back up * shit .	toxic
how the fuck did i get in my moms car	toxic
i think im the only person in the world that doesnt watch give two shits about glee	toxic
i 'm fucking down ! ! d 29 bucks a gram b	toxic
and u can 't use it for hand soap cuz it 's been on ass crack	toxic
just stop acting like you know shit about my life .	toxic
4 ! kindle & nook special , for her new release bitch a new beginning !	toxic
i * like * this phone , except the bullshit pc - only update shit .	toxic
ashley judd is a bitch , hoe and a stupid face .	toxic
yes laugh at me im fucking pathetic	toxic
rt fuck my bro made a bong out of a piggy bank this morning shit was amazing	toxic
now you ass cant reply ! ! ! smh	toxic
damn nigga you say some productive real shit	toxic
- dosnt move - bitch you laughed - pouts and turns head -	toxic
i wonder if sublime has ever played his guitar while taken a shit .	toxic
this shit just stupid doe	toxic
oh haha lol l my mum thinks it 's shit lol l xxx	toxic
fuck dont link your tumblr to twitter or fb thanks	toxic
"star , just called me a "" fabulous cunt """	toxic
what the fuck ! she 's amazing haha ! me and rhys are going	toxic
i aint neva had shit against yu cuhz	toxic
hahahahaha oh , that 's just the worst shit ever .	toxic
i hear you babez cus shits crazy now & days	toxic
i got mad respect for the nigga	toxic
actually , nah i better not see ya ass like that .	toxic
only 29 something ahaha , but hes fucking sexy .	toxic
lol well your question is fucking wack	toxic
said the same shit to you .	toxic
i knew your silly ass was gonna say something	toxic
hey boo ! - wut ya crazy ass been up to ? !	toxic
bitch i been on him since before you said something about him hoe since he first came out	toxic
paul millsap is good enough & still they have more stars then the bum ass nets .	toxic
i would not do that to you tell them to fuck off lol	toxic
shit idk i jus knew it had smthn to do wit sports .	toxic
fuck , almost didn 't recognise you in my time line , well done !	toxic
sometimes i wonder how i can love such a shit team	toxic
shit that 's nothing in el salvador is like 100 or 100 and they get pay cheap	toxic
im gonna kick your ass too , just for that !	toxic
yeah we in this bitch .	toxic
rt i can do that with my ass	toxic
a collab between barretto , weinman and you would be absolutely fucking crazy hahaha make it happen !	toxic
den it 'll hurt like a bitch	toxic
you make me so fucking happy , you know that ? because	toxic
i get a lot shit off they website and marquee sole they have stuff a few months in advance	toxic
just now wakin up from my nap & & its still borin as fuck i shouldve stayed damn sleep hell	toxic
not until you calm the fuck down .	toxic
nah im gonna check this shit out right now ! ! xx	toxic
and he prob fell like you shot his ass huh ! ! !	toxic
wat u upto this late ? otha than bein bored as shit on twitta lol	toxic
hell fuckin yeah it got quiet as shit in the car	toxic
i dare any bitch in this town to try to and they 'll see me mad .	toxic
but one for their rights of entertainment activities ? the fuck is wrong with you ?	toxic
i was just trying to hit that ass , cupid needs love too .	toxic
in les celebrating birtthday ! happy birthday bitch ! !	toxic
ok thats was some nasty shit	toxic
lmaoo to west bubble fuck , va nope ! ! ! bring me some lls	toxic
i dont know what the fuck hrm means	toxic
if you pay for petrol money and can put up with my driving and shit music , then cool .	toxic
bored listening to music and shit lls	toxic
didn 't you hear ? i put the ass in class	toxic
life 's a bitch and then you die	toxic
yea , can the female ? ? bitches make money and still want dudes to trick ! !	toxic
i need a fucking lover	toxic
yeah maybe when we go il have dramactially improved and whoop all of yer asses p	toxic
shut the fuck up , geek !	toxic
don 't fucking think about it	toxic
"i 'm on my "" let - shit - go "" campaign"	toxic
what the fuck imma cook ? !	toxic
i dont even have one , im proper fucked	toxic
it is ! yo fake ass nvr spit da real ! kmsl	toxic
i don 't think soooo ! i like to stir shit up what can i say p	toxic
hah bitch i 'm not even home ! ! ! i 'm painting priscillas house lol	toxic
i 'll not able to talk in front of them , i 'm fucking shy d	toxic
idk what to do im goin to fuckin bed	toxic
peer pressure ! ! ! is ah bitch lol but i love it haha	toxic
what did she say ? told you to fuck off too ? lol	toxic
a grown ass man sipping from a straw is not a good look !	toxic
pls go follow , her shit poo !	toxic
- laughs , holding my stomach - bitch , i eat everything	toxic
i do the funniest shit when i 'm by myself	toxic
ahhh ! ! ! thats awesome ! ! i need a fucking concert	toxic
i told her to erase my shit out her phone and i deleted that bish	toxic
so im hoppin in my shit	toxic
this movie is fucking bullshit	toxic
thomas jefferson is a pussy	toxic
it betta be to my fuckin cuzzin !	toxic
awww how come and it 's coz my life is shit wbu hun ? x	toxic
lol shit wasn 't hungry till you said something	toxic
bitch , yes you do ! ctfupp	toxic
i 'm straight rt fuck me .	toxic
shit just chillin and u	toxic
i dated her , i have right to say what i want dick .	toxic
lucky shit not got college and your up at this time ! big soft !	toxic
im mad i took u 92 tweet 92 send that shit lol	toxic
why not ? u did yo dirt nigga	toxic
damn you tease is killing me	toxic
ohh like the veggies n shit ? das cool .	toxic
holy fuck its beast from the 46 s series beauty and the beast scglive	toxic
tell her i said use da numba damn it ! !	toxic
no just got back in shit box nc cuple hours ago	toxic
lmao i 'm don with yo cafe worker looking ass go cook some chicken wings .	toxic
you want to slay me	toxic
if you were a dinosaur , you would be a bitch - a - whoreus p	toxic
there is shit all over facebook about me being bisexual	toxic
lmao no one is gonna fuck on you hahahahahahhaha	toxic
where is my bitches at ? ? im soo loneeellllyyy	toxic
why retweet all that other bullshit .	toxic
get the fuck off twitter , and delete your facebook	toxic
cause i 'ma want it all the damn time .	toxic
rt fuck ! ! , u needed a coupon for the free burrito ! ! ! - duhhhhhh	toxic
at this fucking barber shop with	toxic
so fucking cold ! my school had ' em and 95 % were broken .	toxic
what the fuck you gunna do about it .	toxic
i wanted to talk to you about pamperedellen for 99 second then leave you the fuck alone	toxic
fuck yeah ! ! ! super happy killjoy	toxic
we always task about the same shit in here .	toxic
"bro you went ham on that "" stupid "" track ! smh good shit !"	toxic
mook shitted outside instead of in the floor yaaay	toxic
damnnnnnnn i wanna fuck j - boog he look good as shit	toxic
lol shit i need change	toxic
can 't say the same for floptina whack drunk ass .	toxic
hey u didn 't read the earlier tweet , i 'm filmin real side bitches of franklin brunswick	toxic
* screams louder , murmuring * damn , that feels so fucking good , babe .	toxic
shit we coulda brother , sister talked	toxic
dunno , just feel like shit	toxic
lmao didn 't know ppl still watched that shit	toxic
but shit dumb bittie needs that jail time	toxic
whatdya want me to call u ? a cunt ?	toxic
ohhhhh ok lmao idk shit about dogs so .	toxic
game this shit is serious	toxic
fuck tryouts we already made the team haha	toxic
gotta wash my bulls jersey for the weekend teambulls bitches	toxic
all your lines are fucked up boo .	toxic
u are the shit were u bricking itur first time on tv and does any 18 ever reconise u .	toxic
fuck you all ! ham is the nicest thing ever ahamisforlifenotjustforchristmas	toxic
not really it 's shit any way	toxic
gotta nigga rollin wit these tweets	toxic
playing dodgeball with fam i can barly walk that shit popped >	toxic
"the glee cover of "" turning tables "" sounds like absolute shit"	toxic
i don 't know why be fucking with me	toxic
me too , but i wont get anythng frm anybody in there but dirty dave himself	toxic
bout time my roomie took her ass on somewhere now i can take a nap in peace	toxic
oh shut up i don 't need no lecture from you now fuck off	toxic
knowing him hes gunna have like 42 bday bashes & shit lol yeah my dad doesnt want tanks x	toxic
| smh they really be stashing and don 't tell us shit	toxic
i gotta stop caring so much nobody ever gives two fucks about me	toxic
jelly is so nastyyy ! ! ew ew ew ew	toxic
shes pissing me the fuck off today .	toxic
another big ass breakfast buffet chulan	toxic
i need a fucking chinese takeaway stat	toxic
did you see the one with tonks and lupin ? ? fucking tears , man .	toxic
and you missed david and renata arguing ! ahhhhhhhhh ! nephs that shit was funny !	toxic
lol nopee immaa be with onee or the other i 'm no dick dykerr .	toxic
cant even pay a bitch 89 follow his remedial that mean slow ass	toxic
ima go crazy ! ! they scare the shit outta me	toxic
s citizen they cant do shit to me d lol	toxic
what shit ? ur apt stuff ?	toxic
ahhhhh my bitch back on here ! were you at bitch	toxic
your ass was about to cry lol	toxic
she fucking broke up with you ?	toxic
you lucky bitch ! what did youd do when you met him ? ? ? x	toxic
you 're closer to them ? then why the fuck did you block them ? explain that one .	toxic
to annoy the shit out of everyone o	toxic
- lol , why , so he could kick some ass ? d	toxic
you pussy smells go watch it !	toxic
yea they chilling they talking about that job shit	toxic
yeah now , that yo ass got the rejection treatment	toxic
haha i 'll be like yo ass get over here ! ! !	toxic
i mean very irritating to see females fightin over some dick	toxic
true , he got a smart ass mouth	toxic
fuck is that ? you barely say words anyway .	toxic
u wnt the truth yuhh wazz juss a quick fukk like 60 month ago getovr it !	toxic
maybe you are retarded if you dont wanna sleep	toxic
lmfaoo yeah henzi punk ass stay on that tip n kay	toxic
it 's just their economy 's fucked , so they haven 't any ' good ' inflation .	toxic
that 's fuckin hilarious l heroes !	toxic
ewwww this bitch , she smells like fish ! period blood	toxic
where the fuck is my good morning .	toxic
shit ! ! missed the start of alan carr -	toxic
loooooool ! ! that should be the neww word ! now im gonna be a bitch	toxic
niether is but u see hes followin dis ass too lol	toxic
i 've seen ' dick in a box ' fucking love it	toxic
where the fuck has eryn been ?	toxic
gonna bust a nut right in that pussy if you do that	toxic
that 's the stupidest shit i 've ever heard	toxic
neither could i but hey sometimes you just have to be a bitch .	toxic
i washed my car , and clean that filthy ass kitchen today lol	toxic
how fucked were you , forgetaboutitinthemorning	toxic
bitch i sing it friday on tuesday 's .	toxic
- this bitch only wants to work shit out on her time	toxic
i can 't believe my cuzzies r 58 man shit were all getting old	toxic
yeah nigga you know you wanted it after you saw my shit lol	toxic
capcom , what the fuck ? you said strider hiryu didn 't fit in with mvc3	toxic
hell yeah lol , he was walkin like them bitches was gold lmao	toxic
fuckin ryte ! ! ! rt str8 gin tonite	toxic
ha true have u seen the pointless shit i post on here	toxic
having a big ass lol oh and she dated kanye	toxic
kidd just bricked the fuck out that three	toxic
thats why u neva see me with the same shit yall have on aka true religion jeans	toxic
im talking about the first ones them gold bird shits !	toxic
aren 't you hispanic ? cook me some spanish f00d bitch	toxic
dude shut the fuck up talking , and get a life .	toxic
yo bitch ! jus hangin wit me ho 's on the 93	toxic
i have to say that crabbies tastes so much better after a shit day	toxic
shit , i 'm in ann arbor at this lil probate .	toxic
fuck em ' haha jk xd rt i lost 33 followers	toxic
oh shit , what happened ? where is my sniper rifle ?	toxic
i gotta go my mother is being a bitch	toxic
i aint fuckin with you anyway	toxic
igronant , does she expect me to say fucking hello ? were not exactly the best of friends .	toxic
it got cancelled or pushed back or some shit now ?	toxic
that shit was dirty as hell ! lmao	toxic
in the tallest shit heap in the world , there is always good - x	toxic
if you want to be my bitch and do a rap video , you could get a bonus .	toxic
i get more than average , bitches come back for more	toxic
damn i hate when them lil rascals do that	toxic
what the fuck does that mean ? - _ -	toxic
now get your holy ass on their	toxic
you can add 3 & 1 internet to the shit list	toxic
how u gon call me slow lol when u writin half ass sentences that dnt make sense	toxic
fuck off ricky & go sing that bestfriend song !	toxic
that awkward moment when u fall laughing so hard and ur face falls on some dog shit x	toxic
that 's fine i give his ass the best pounding ever	toxic
d may the slipping on our asses comence	toxic
| u went shopping with you know who today for tools and shit ? wela u were busy ?	toxic
r y 'all 64 are some nasty asses .	toxic
what the flying shit is going on	toxic
oh shit yu remember * shocked voice * now wats my name	toxic
umm relax girl lol rt don 't ask me tht shit ! ! smh	toxic
my mom be fuckin irkin me .	toxic
the only dick i suck is logan lerman 's	toxic
he friend call me a bitch and now i 'm in real life	toxic
shit i think hes doing that loko talk .	toxic
don 't worry carol that nigga crazy lol	toxic
we need more shit wit meaning	toxic
harry potter was fucking awful	toxic
some shit happened so i guess its up in the air at the moment .	toxic
and all you 're good at is acting because you 're so fucking fake	toxic
< lmfao ! bitch tell me ! !	toxic
holy shit ! i was so sure as i left work that we were going to get beat !	toxic
ur fb posts are makin me laugh ahaha u mean but funny wit yo silly ass ahaha smh	toxic
shut your ass up i called you sunday	toxic
naw my shit must be tweekin cuz u like da 94 th person to tell me that	toxic
you are a stubborn son of a bitch	toxic
yea cuz you the bitch that got me sick !	toxic
i swear i didnt say my hair , i said hand bitch hand	toxic
fuck da bulls and miami teamlakers	toxic
i wasn 't talking bout ya bestie cus i don 't fuck with em talkin but mannyy	toxic
no it was danielle hahaha im laughin coz i dont give a shit shes not a nice person	toxic
we smoke dat loud & dat kush ! ! lol ! ! u looked rough as fuck ! lmaoi	toxic
i 've been being lazy as fuck .	toxic
safety my ass ! fuck you !	toxic
just wanted to make sure your freak brain could remember it fag spawn	toxic
i don 't really give a fuck about the royal family	toxic
u retweeted my shit so i followed u	toxic
shits gone blow yo mind ! ! ! ! so huge .	toxic
ahh damn icant really remember , aha , it was shit anyways | i thought lol	toxic
where 's the banner ? tell to give that shit .	toxic
& lt & lt & lt yes yu bitch we kno ! faggot !	toxic
yeah man ! elaina doesn 't go around starting shit	toxic
it 's a shit part of the sport that every team is guilty of	toxic
if you up to it and shit .	toxic
_ boutah go to sleep ! & nawh , take your ass to bed , lls	toxic
man i had a whole rant how i hate when it 's pronounced like that fuckin dumb .	toxic
how u gne cum to sumbodii else house , & drink dey shit up ?	toxic
ive had so much shit in my life ' ' i cant remember the last happy convo i had .	toxic
i don 't give a fuck point blank	toxic
but its hot as fuck down here	toxic
- _ - lmao damn boy its all his fault !	toxic
or you think that fucking little of me that i 'd cheat on my husband with your fianc	toxic
follow my bitch she is sooooo sweeeeeeeeeet ^ _ ^ & single	toxic
no clue who it was , but she was fuckin nervous lmfaoo p i wouldn 't blame her p	toxic
cuz i didn 't want to have to pay for shit hoe	toxic
staring at the damn wall trying to find sleep lol the bitch disappeared on me lol	toxic
i 'm in a good ass mood today .	toxic
mate we got no money aswell fuck	toxic
my shit talking keeps u entertained	toxic
fuck nooo it cant be over	toxic
and there are lots of factors why shit is the way it is in the middle east	toxic
more like a shit one anyone can make quotes	toxic
rt pasantes are shit thatisall cosign except warming sensations	toxic
ignore that nigga talking shit to you real shit , don 't even fucking reply	toxic
no while bk on skype its some lil gurl n shit and some dude gave her the pic	toxic
d dont they seell shit ontouurr too ? you coulve got one then	toxic
we both know i 'll say fuckin anything	toxic
idk i 'm bored ! spark some shit up ! lls	toxic
rt fuck all of this shit	toxic
exactly this shit pissin me off	toxic
yeah & since you are not busy answer your emails dick face	toxic
but it doess look good , just fucking shit scarringly good	toxic
what was the other shit film ?	toxic
this is a good ass game ! swear	toxic
yeah nice spose seafood would be fucked for yas after that oil spill ey ?	toxic
hahaha welcome to my life , bitch .	toxic
what kind of shit is that ? !	toxic
we got 24 hr gyms around this bitch now	toxic
"awww me too ! ! i wake up and im like "" fuck u make me horny "" lol"	toxic
because it hurt like a bitch	toxic
but im fuckin wif twitter cause its faster	toxic
ohh fuck you ! go back to sleep !	toxic
think i will have to get my ass to brighton when i move back down south	toxic
you 'll never catch me saying no sweet shit specially on twitter lol	toxic
i 'm fucking done with every single one of you .	toxic
however were gonna see bout this shit son	toxic
would u want a nigga to act like a bitch lol ?	toxic
holy shit ! you got to meet ? ?	toxic
so hop on in ! i got some good ass cream haha	toxic
bro i jus busted jc ass online in that 49 k11 , he salty lmfao	toxic
dick don 't pay da bills lol	toxic
yo ass was talking too thee window yesterday .	toxic
cuz son what if that shit turns out the shittest thing to ever touch your body	toxic
rt not all you girls can cook stop it imaginary ass meals that are done that quick i be cooookn	toxic
i don 't wanna do no fucking community service ! ! ! !	toxic
i fucking love you guys	toxic
ur in a fucked up situation rite now lmfao	toxic
you see i peeped it , pussy is power	toxic
where the fuck is the next gob iron album ?	toxic
you was born at 20 20 for real ? and nigga you dumb	toxic
the motherfuckers charge me 97 bucks for that shit ! i just might have to tho .	toxic
shit , adam * runs back inside and gets him *	toxic
man what ? ! ? how can i forget that shit	toxic
lmfao bitch had a kid ! to much baggage for an 26 year old to deal with	toxic
fuck dont feel like goin to school tmrw , wat else is new .	toxic
lmap hollin too hard but fuck that im ready for this summer	toxic
glad i dont have dat problem cuz i will b whoopin a bitch azz u feel me	toxic
i know its old but its still my shit	toxic
you gave a fuck with the grand final d	toxic
this twitter i can say what the fuck i please	toxic
every bitch wants tht title -	toxic
hell yeah foreign stuff ! shit does that mean we loose sleep ?	toxic
i need abreva lookin ass bitch !	toxic
hahahahaha that are the worst mouth i 've ever draw hahaha believe me u 'll laugh like a retard	toxic
hella pussy ! he 's sexy as heeeeellllllll .	toxic
that bitch need a sedative !	toxic
oh well , may as well pour the coffee & start getting shit done	toxic
the naacp was ready to burn all of her citizenship & send her back on a riverboat .	toxic
no fucking room anyway ! bridgetjones	toxic
we gone find us some find mother fuckin new yorkers	toxic
lls fool ass ! good morning ! ! !	toxic
i know im late but damn this ace hood hustle hard raw as fuck ! ! !	toxic
i was tweeting crazy shit and everything	toxic
lol that shit had me feeling like that too .	toxic
"the fuck you doin ! ? ! ? "" ahahahah p"	toxic
da fuck is the game ? lol rt lol i didnt even watch the last two episodes	toxic
i 've been doing alot ! jks fuck all ! bored as ! x	toxic
tell tht bitch i said fuck her bcuz she never returned my call	toxic
yeaa mane its some other shit lol	toxic
fucking hell , i just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53 , fuck you broken laptop	toxic
bruh i told you to come up here and fuck wit me	toxic
and that didn 't fucking happen	toxic
i 'm sorry for asking i ask random shit like that	toxic
on my late night tweet shit !	toxic
fuck off you cunt im lovely , im taking joe for a date on sunday	toxic
what 's up with the blue barrel that shit is hilarious !	toxic
bitch you said you was sleepy an hour ago ! ?	toxic
stats are shit if you don 't like the person	toxic
they gotta big ass smelly ass farm for u lol u goooootta come here with meeee	toxic
shit mate , talk about put me size 17 ' s in it	toxic
lls im just fuckin wit u .	toxic
i think she 's the fucking piece of shit in that relatioship .	toxic
disappointingfilms scream 100 , predictable and generally shit .	toxic
dude taxpayers r paying for your sorry ass !	toxic
i 've been the laziness piece of shit all week ! are you working school today ?	toxic
say yes please give me the fucking meds when i asked	toxic
thats why i said if yall are fucking one another	toxic
cuz my mom isn 't replying and i feel like shit and i wanna cry	toxic
i was shitting myself when she started on me l	toxic
i don 't want to fuck up .	toxic
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's fucking awesome	toxic
fuck you mean ! you not eating well	toxic
i started crying ! it 's so un fucking fair ! ! !	toxic
some bitch just ruined harry potter for me	toxic
i was scared as shit but my test must have came out good because i still got my job lol	toxic
it would be too easy to be miserable w all the shit i put myself through	toxic
you dont think ive seen enough of that shit already ? ! loveyou	toxic
shit it s alwasy there , you know	toxic
how the fuck do you get all these ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? lmao	toxic
the old stuff is getting old , time for some new shit ! congrats btw !	toxic
yeah he cheating stop fucking with that nerd lol	toxic
""" your suffocating me ! "" look , bitch , - -"	toxic
i 'm such a fucked up wreck .	toxic
he deserves to know he fucked up .	toxic
if you wanted to fuck me so badly	toxic
oh ok my day was good but cold as fuck today	toxic
the ipad ain 't got shit on the motorolaxoom	toxic
but i made you ' laugh your ass off '	toxic
womp womp bitch you scared to show that pie face you got	toxic
so is sending abusive messages and hacking your virtual pro you dirty peice of shit	toxic
im having the hardest time accepting that shit man ! ! ! irefuse to believe this shit	toxic
way to ruin a great convo ! ima fight yo ass if you don 't change your bio tho !	toxic
go do something & leave our convo rt fuck both yaull ! ! !	toxic
shit idk all i know is today is friday	toxic
one minute im happy , the next im pissed ! wtf , my bipolar ass ! lol	toxic
i mean damn , he gets away with it , why cant we ! lol .	toxic
future was loose hahaha so good , fucking epic	toxic
plus , my momma was on some golddigger type shit & it was bothersome .	toxic
but wasssup with that shit .	toxic
lol he just rich as fuck	toxic
lol or the ralph tresvant sensitivity ass nicca	toxic
oh shit ! does it always appear ? where the hell do you live ?	toxic
nah i got priorities n shit	toxic
da zoo smell like ass .	toxic
thought i was the only person that didnt watch that shit lol	toxic
, shut your depressed ass up .	toxic
oh but you were like mad close to her before werent you ? and oh shit	toxic
who wanna call me tonight ? nobody ? ok ! fuck - _ _ -	toxic
o yes the fuck she is lmao	toxic
but one day i 'll get that pussycat rt i know 90 % of my followers aint getting pussy tonite	toxic
take yo ass to sleep then lol	toxic
fuck ur life buy me checkers	toxic
ain 't shit to do and i wish i was	toxic
"so i get fame , wealth and clunge while you get to be "" cool as fuck """	toxic
fuck , i suddenly want a dslr really bad .	toxic
beast ass song bro ^ _ ^	toxic
no mom ! ! ! i didnt throw anything away you - you bitch !	toxic
fyi we did meet dick head !	toxic
"just a big ass button "" no , bad"	toxic
talking bout white people 's water head babies like that	toxic
no wonder my friends must think i 'm a twat .	toxic
a where all the sexi bitches be	toxic
i 'm like super twitchy & shit lol	toxic
fuck you thinking you 're mr cool	toxic
but then shit was dead	toxic
fuck going on a cruise	toxic
marsha ambrosius released a dope album , and watch her shit flop	toxic
shit forgot it came out today	toxic
what the hell should i wear a fucking turtle neck ?	toxic
this sh * t is bullshit what the point of playing if you cant get on the network	toxic
wtf ? is that a new song ? o rt murderdolls - i love to say fuck	toxic
ever wish you hadn 't fucked up ? tweeted from wrong account	toxic
rt damn i got class in the morning	toxic
he 's gonna crawl up my ass or something	toxic
skype is being a bitch	toxic
i think you are fine as fuck 59	toxic
if he buyin his own shit n he flatout	toxic
i need a bad bitch to make my ugly ass look good ya digg	toxic
fucks no i just know redlands area i was always out there	toxic
sleeping in a dirty school hungry , tired as shit , massive headache , try it !	toxic
too latee , my mom fucking slapped me twice for talking back to him \	toxic
let 's go to eddie v 's shit is hot !	toxic
i wanted to go there confident and shit	toxic
lol where yo eastern hoes tell dem to hit me up so they cum c me	toxic
the fuck is this shit	toxic
why the fuck are we talking english ? press 57 for turkish arog	toxic
fucking forever 50 what do you mean lol youve taken me to work before caleb	toxic
yea but we owe orlando a good beating still piss how they clowned labron with the powder shit	toxic
why won 't it ever end ? feeling like shit	toxic
i don 't give a flying fuck , to be honest	toxic
smh u all fucked up lol	toxic
brah im fucked up over here .	toxic
and grape kool aid mixed with gin , bitch .	toxic
lmmfao u brought the shit up now u wanna count years of relevance o ok	toxic
lol uu should give a fuck .	toxic
ryan find ur fuckin own .	toxic
being blanked by my best mate silly bitch lol jks please tweet me i miss you x	toxic
remember when fighting games were simple and you could just button - mash and still kick ass ?	toxic
they not online i tink we should bitch bout them	toxic
* sits next to her * rehearsal was terrible and olivia is a jealous bitch .	toxic
and lets get a fuckin ' t - rex !	toxic
poor diet and parents that don 't give a shit ! they 're hideous	toxic
all this shit is funny and can go suck one	toxic
take the fucking pic nigga ! damn !	toxic
my leg still hurts like a bitch from when i hit it off the table this weekend lol	toxic
i 've been saying this shit since before they sent the clocks forward	toxic
o _ e that 's fucked up .	toxic
i aint een smoke in nat bitch	toxic
fuck you been up too phat ass	toxic
know good and well they want to show that ass	toxic
yu clearly have a bitch made roommate but don 't let him get to yu	toxic
lol u g h ! ! ! i 'm 55 damn sleepy	toxic
is quick weaves the one with the glue n shit ? or that clip pony tail bulljive ?	toxic
fuck * she breathes heavily trying to catch her breath *	toxic
i had a good ass night	toxic
no shit ! this is beyond ridiculous	toxic
lool nah not perfect in that sense , nobody 's perfect and lool fuck you	toxic
fuck this indirect shit im ready fuck it all tell twitter my shit	toxic
im bout to just look at truelife smdh aint shit on	toxic
* shit ! fuck , you can 't do that mark !	toxic
well whoever runs it comes across as more of a cunt than hipsters .	toxic
my shits is glossin od i dont like it anymore lol	toxic
i hear the flat next door are in the fucking scabs	toxic
i dare her to pull that shit in person	toxic
you didn 't say bitch , did you ? p	toxic
my ex - best friend is being a bitch & stealing all my friends	toxic
more bomb ass dresses on there again	toxic
are coming and pretending to be elf and claiming what he said was the best shit he ever spoke	toxic
we went over this my dick is called penguin - _ -	toxic
funny how you talk hella shit about her then go and hangout with her .	toxic
you 're an annoying slag , you cunt .	toxic
i swear there 's a bunch of loser ass scrub dudes who live in my damn city , smh	toxic
hey get a fucking job man its hot as fuck where thad n i are	toxic
i fuckin hate this leaky faucet ! this shit is about to drive me insane !	toxic
maaaaan fuck that ! my shit might not get here till this afternoon	toxic
graduation on vogue sucks fkn dick	toxic
poke me & i 'll pluck the shit outta you	toxic
blockeddd ! ! obviously people think i av no feelings cos im that up my own arse	toxic
fuck the lakers and kobe rt	toxic
i talked shit to will warren today about beating them hahaha epictweet	toxic
smh that shit making me mad af , bre ignore his ass .	toxic
there it is ashad ! ! ! ! wet oiled asses vol	toxic
ohh thats right the queeny lil bitch who cries for attention	toxic
next place we go to he 'll find someone else to fuck .	toxic
rt i just got the shit out my coworker yo , lmaoo o _ o how ? lol	toxic
cos she 's a stinky bitch who is stinky .	toxic
yes ! we 'll give her a very good ass kicking ! mcfly are on daybreak tomorrow i think !	toxic
hes smart if ya ask me ! somebody is finna inbox his sorry ass and quench his thirst lmao	toxic
haha thats whasup im surprised ur ass aint twitpic lol or did u	toxic
no you havin the same size arms as wee man is unfortunate now get yo ass out my mentions biatch	toxic
lol ah you crazy ass nicki fan !	toxic
aww yeah coz you 're bitch !	toxic
at da end of the year nigga - _ _ _ - wtf lol	toxic
on his bb curve talking about fashion , gucci , john lewis and shit .	toxic
you must be talkin bout when i was beating up that nigga lmao .	toxic
girl why are you talking down on black girls like that i 'm sure alot of your followers are	toxic
bubble girl cuz i swear yo ass lives in a bubble	toxic
so , every friday we will fuck all the world ?	toxic
define bad ass women on twitter ? ? ?	toxic
lol jackson be blowin everyones shit ! you seen that pic of him sleepin on the senior trip ?	toxic
good , kicking the shit outta me	toxic
is so pathetic but she 's happy with it	toxic
lol bitch get a life and stop dissing me in french , i understand it very well	toxic
lmao you better not cuz u know i will whoop yo ass	toxic
lmao if the lakers win this shit imma wear my 64 throwback for a week fail but idgaf	toxic
now that the shit is hitting the fan someone has to clean it up , but the u	toxic
the climate change shit is particularly hilarious .	toxic
am i fucking 31 what ?	toxic
"i call this "" the fuck you pass "" ."	toxic
fuck paying for anyone below par .	toxic
says the guy trying to to justify when he fucked up .	toxic
because there aren 't any fucking consequences	toxic
references get made in every single fucking thread about diseases and they are always the same .	toxic
because his piece of shit parents covered for him .	toxic
what the fuck does that have to do with the left not caring about the truth ?	toxic
seriously reddit , just use earth view on google fucking maps google	toxic
how the fuck do you think you know the exact amount of malware for osx ?	toxic
not supporting a military strike is not equal to not giving a shit .	toxic
ptsd can really fuck with a person ! shouldn 't be overlooked .	toxic
every time this shit happens .	toxic
it 's fucked up of them to capitalize like this .	toxic
an upvote for the chance reference , and an upvote for fucking fox news .	toxic
nancy did the same shit with bush	toxic
grab some flyers or a voting card instead , the internet is too important to let them fuck up .	toxic
trying to actually get shit done .	toxic
"i believe he would say , "" he is nuttier than squirrel shit"	toxic
people get murdered over this shit .	toxic
you ever get the feeling mother nature has had enough of our shit ?	toxic
fuck no , kool - aid is delicious , i 've been drinking it this whole time .	toxic
they have plans for that shit yo .	toxic
i was always iffy about mayo , but now i eat that shit way more than i should .	toxic
seriously , what the fuck kind of news have you been watching ?	toxic
libya was a european - led operation , you fucking dumbass .	toxic
what the fuck do you think happened ?	toxic
you can 't talk shit like that and represent all the men and women in our country .	toxic
he 's mocking you because what you said is fucking dumb and he is right .	toxic
he was a fat ass that had a heart attack .	toxic
""" wait , shit , so my boyfriend and i are married ?"	toxic
shit , i needed new shoes .	toxic
are you fucking shitting me ?	toxic
who the fuck are you to invalidate someone 's identity ?	toxic
i don 't fucking buy it .	toxic
damn , maybe this isis shit is worse than i think .	toxic
still a piece of shit even if it works .	toxic
i wish the same , but the us won 't do jack shit to him .	toxic
its an easy as fuck job .	toxic
like in this spying shit .	toxic
take that dumb shit to facebook .	toxic
i 've driven by lots of cattle farms but holy shit .	toxic
it 's 92 in the uk , but nobody gives a shit .	toxic
bout to say , all energy commodities are low as shit right now .	toxic
why is this piece of shit still in office ?	toxic
* * i 'm gonna ask you one more father - fucking time .	toxic
that shit fucks up my skin .	toxic
just being a wise - ass to get karma .	toxic
it 's the whole idea , to make it a pain in the ass to reporters and recovery workers .	toxic
my knees are shit and squatting deeply isn 't really an option .	toxic
and shit , portugal is giving him a tough glare	toxic
would give crackle a shit ton of exposure .	toxic
skyrim sellswords are loyal as fuck .	toxic
what fucking year are we living in again ?	toxic
at some point its not the fucking system thats broken but the people in it .	toxic
where the fuck was i ? ? ? ? ? ?	toxic
rms has been warning people about this shit for years before the snowden docs	toxic
you know how i know you didn 't read the fucking article ?	toxic
this is africa people , we can get away with shit like that .	toxic
so beer shits are involved .	toxic
why the fuck does anyone even read salon ?	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with you and everyone commenting on this ?	toxic
they offer insurance and other shit .	toxic
you signed up for that shit .	toxic
obama is basically saving their ass by being unpopular too , basically by being republican .	toxic
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this shit for decades .	toxic
fuck now i want a calzone .	toxic
oh shit wait it doesn 't change anything .	toxic
how the fuck did they not notice that ?	toxic
why is this cunt in juvenile court ?	toxic
this fucking subreddit i swear .	toxic
they analyzed their own fucking network logs of their own computer systems .	toxic
half of bob marley 's songs are hard as fuck to listen to the lyrics .	toxic
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the fucking station .	toxic
he doesn 't give any fucks now .	toxic
read the article before posting shit .	toxic
it 's not usually republicans taxing the shit out of alcohol and cigarettes .	toxic
you either have nukes or you get to be america 's , russia 's , or china 's bitch .	toxic
why don 't you contribute meaningfully instead of heaping more shit onto the pile .	toxic
why would we be bombing the shit out of them now ?	toxic
how many fucking times is this going to be reposted ?	toxic
looks pretty fucking accurate to me .	toxic
"what the fuck does "" generally considered to be "" mean ?"	toxic
every news webpage does this shit now .	toxic
there 's a fucking power level ranking ?	toxic
every parent of every child involved in that should be suing the fuck out of everyone responsible .	toxic
oh wait american cops beat the shit out of people for filming them .	toxic
yeah , but then that ungrateful little bastard shit has to deal with you .	toxic
somebody steps on you toes - you need to fuck him up to prove youself .	toxic
but boy was i glad mourdock got his ass kicked .	toxic
who the fuck cares what either of them think ?	toxic
the guides fucked up big time .	toxic
get rid of these worthless pieces of shit .	toxic
its not like we are still fucking at war , its a small presence .	toxic
you tell them to kindly fuck off .	toxic
there are ways to prevent spousal abuse , and those ways don 't include a fucking whip .	toxic
i don 't get a fucking medal for doing mine .	toxic
who the fuck gave the metaphor a jetski ?	toxic
fuck the students and the parents that got mad .	toxic
""" hey look everyone is eating 31 meals a day , oh shit its from mcdonalds"	toxic
so an unsafe and unhealthy living space for the lowest wage , what the fuck ?	toxic
fuck gyms , get into a sport .	toxic
i don 't give a fuck that she used her own server .	toxic
shit must be getting real if canada is getting involved .	toxic
i don 't want any fucking normies shitting up my voat .	toxic
drunk driving enforcement shouldn 't be an excuse to shit all over someones rights .	toxic
that whole site is fucking disgusting .	toxic
i do fuck all wrong , but i 'm not making their life easy .	toxic
who the fuck does this guy think he is ?	toxic
if liberals are so fucking smart , how come they lose so goddamn always ?	toxic
obviously , they 've got their priorities all fucked up .	toxic
israel is damned if they do and damned if they don 't .	toxic
i 'd have 93 ga reason to get the fuck out .	toxic
yea fuck him for being a member of a party that was elected democratically .	toxic
yeah , no shit the drover was scottisj	toxic
it 's crazy esp since europeans are always bitching about racism here in the us	toxic
holy shit this can 't only end badly , it 'll just end up hurting * everyone * .	toxic
we really going to have a headline about this shit every day ?	toxic
well cps can only fuck with you if you have kids .	toxic
grow the fuck up , entitled piece of sht .	toxic
their civil rights administration is fucking failing so hard .	toxic
holy shit the real world is complicated ?	toxic
living in germany saved my ass this time .	toxic
no , apparently the ny times is * not * better than this shit .	toxic
the truth is you don 't know shit , you just know what you see on tv .	toxic
holy fuck that is quick , just saw it 82 mins ago .	toxic
people are not getting it because no one gives a shit	toxic
get your head out of your ass !	toxic
the shit they do in that video is pretty morbid .	toxic
i cannot bear 77 more years of pain in the ass .	toxic
shit , we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then .	toxic
he has run out of cars and shit to break so now he is doing op 's .	toxic
aiming a gun at someone like that is fucking inexcusable .	toxic
finns fought it against the russians in 91 - 91 finns kicked their asses but still lost .	toxic
this post needs to be filed under no shit sherlock .	toxic
don 't get how shit comments like that even get upvoted here .	toxic
came here to read shit talking about usc , south carolina , or the south in general	toxic
""" yay , we won ! ! ! oh shit ."	toxic
it was like she was saying our audience does not want to hear that mccain , what the fuck .	toxic
i mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no fucks .	toxic
who holds you accountable for shit like that when you 're 39 ?	toxic
other than hitting a barricade - does anybody have any idea why she went ape shit ?	toxic
kick your ass in sumo wrestling .	toxic
why the fuck is obama sending them u	toxic
he might have just been having an incredibly good day before this shit happened .	toxic
yeah they 're out there throwing people off tall buildings all the fucking time .	toxic
fucking moralizers here make me want to throw up .	toxic
dont fucking go to north korea exactly this .	toxic
not only the winning goal but a bigger dick too	toxic
he must be shitting gold bricks right now	toxic
"because i think there is a big difference which would give me a reason to "" give a fuck """	toxic
china tariffs the fuck out of imports .	toxic
i 'm still voting no , but holy fucking shit are the no campaigners royally fucking up lately .	toxic
no dick waiving , only testing .	toxic
why does that shit exist ?	toxic
i love it , but it 's fucked up .	toxic
just registered to vote because i have put it off way the fuck too long .	toxic
sounds like shit to me .	toxic
"donald trump "" how the fuck can you be considered a real party after that ."	toxic
its their money so why the fuck is it your business what they do with their money	toxic
i just don 't want this bitch or any of her supporters to have a platform anymore .	toxic
i pay the ticket as ordered because * i broke the fucking law .	toxic
i 'm usually all about helping but fuck that	toxic
that 's some purgatory shit right there .	toxic
where we have no in n out burger , not a fucking one	toxic
fuck that website was annoying	toxic
why the fuck didn 't anyone help .	toxic
"not to mention ten thousand dollar fuckin dogs "" officers "" used for weed"	toxic
not sure why this shit gets upvoted , let me see some real news .	toxic
mexico can be great but it 's fucked up and dangerous at the moment .	toxic
catholics shit , they just found the skeletons of 72 children in a septic tank .	toxic
look up sarcasm you simple fuck .	toxic
yeah that shit goes out the window when you get into a fight .	toxic
org i am surprised this shit doesn 't happen more often .	toxic
the nsa doesn 't give a shit about you .	toxic
shit , i never thought of that .	toxic
people do unpredictable shit when they fear for their life .	toxic
holy shit , dennis rodman did it .	toxic
volunteer ! get the fuck out there and do something !	toxic
he pedanticized the shit out of that joke .	toxic
what if he knows some scary scary shit that forces his weird standings on things like this ?	toxic
shit , i was really hoping this was a thing .	toxic
holy shit i actually found it youtube .	toxic
"not that i side with china and its constant "" fuck all my neighbours everything is mine "" attitude ."	toxic
and for fuck 's sake put the thing right down if police show up .	toxic
pakistan is a backward shit hole no better than most of africa .	toxic
jesus fuck this quote needs to stop .	toxic
feds tellin me i cant shit in my own water	toxic
game was over , but the refs should have kicked his sorry ass off the field .	toxic
what the fuck are you doing assaulting a police officer ?	toxic
jesus , what 's with everyone being so fucking negative ?	toxic
being angry all the time at the constant shit and injustice of the world is exhausting .	toxic
ill just wait here for the down votes shit ! your question is fully pertinent .	toxic
what the fuck else are they busy doing ?	toxic
i mean shit we have black bears here in arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks .	toxic
they don 't know shit about shit .	toxic
oh shit , its going to fall into the abyss and form a godzilla	toxic
eh tbh it is a huge dick move	toxic
i do too and see no one giving fathers shit for staying at home .	toxic
fucking click bait , and to make obama look good after last week .	toxic
in america you 'll only hear obama talking shit about putin .	toxic
microso$t i cant believe you fucked that up	toxic
k is fucked without living there because they govern the exact same way the u .	toxic
i would watch that shit on espn .	toxic
this is just an asinine statement in my mind of someone trying to save his own ass .	toxic
i 'm fuckin with you bro let 's do this	toxic
holy shit , i 'm not alone .	toxic
where the fuck is angry superman ?	toxic
are you fucking high or something ?	toxic
what the fuck is happening ? ? ?	toxic
that , along with using bows and arrows , would really fuck with the feinstein crowd .	toxic
a bunch of hamas retards in a pickup truck blew themselves up .	toxic
is google fucking broke today ?	toxic
another piece of dog shit prosecutor obeys the wealthy overlords and destroys a life .	toxic
why are people giving this retarded bitch money again ?	toxic
why do the people vote for stuff that screws them up the ass .	toxic
and i recently graduated this ain 't no class of 21 ' shit .	toxic
the us own all the states by debt , the us gets favourable trades , the eu gets fucked .	toxic
fuck every one of those cops involved in the kelly thomas murder .	toxic
they keep shit like that for the most part , with the odd slip up very closely guarded .	toxic
that i don 't really give a shit about .	toxic
theres no way that bitch will win .	toxic
""" * * where the fuck do you live ? * *"	toxic
"or is that a "" fact "" you 've pulled straight out of your ass ? idiot ."	toxic
i wish i could upvote this shit a million times .	toxic
these fuckers are just making this shit up as they go along , aren 't they ? !	toxic
like where the fuck do you even buy a hippo ?	toxic
fuck , why couldn 't this have happened before i purchased my '13 cruze .	toxic
osha is a fucking joke these days , we need a real group to protect workers .	toxic
jesus christ , what the fuck is wrong with you all ?	toxic
go back to your hole you pc fuck boy .	toxic
so could hitler , big fucking deal	toxic
if this is what the community wants , who gives a shit ?	toxic
there is a ton of people there , so your chances increase for weird shit to happen .	toxic
seems like shit is getting too hot over there .	toxic
okay i feel the reason he is getting the 78 years is because he broke into the fucking house .	toxic
you realize you sound like a complete ass when you make statements like these .	toxic
anything to get their kids away from these fucking psychos .	toxic
why the fuck any woman would join the u	toxic
seriously , who gives a shit about his move .	toxic
they don 't take shit from anybody .	toxic
those cats take their shit seriously while the us is worshipping lil wayne and nici minaj .	toxic
cos i fucking love advocados , broccoli and oranges .	toxic
we can 't even do shit about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them .	toxic
the more likely scenario was that he was finger - fucking a loaded gun .	toxic
but , * high school football * , no one gives a fuck about .	toxic
because at some point falsely accused get tired of this shit and just want to leave .	toxic
they must be safe as shit .	toxic
if the dominating nation is a rogue regime the world is fucked .	toxic
they got their shit together .	toxic
they told me the shit would get better .	toxic
who the fuck is the world , asshole ?	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with the us ?	toxic
he is however full of shit .	toxic
who the fuck do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground , dumbass ?	toxic
do you guys think india cannot make a fucking robot ?	toxic
the truth is probably that very few people in poland noticed or even gave a shit if they did .	toxic
i fucking despise the tsa .	toxic
better yet , why the fuck was the original article even upvoted ?	toxic
i guess the fsa is kicking ass in syria too .	toxic
four months for five fucking dollars ?	toxic
he used shit like this to get around the constitutional restrictions on his power .	toxic
for fucks sake , we are making some progress here .	toxic
you turn in these fucks you would be drinking for free for life	toxic
its about fucking time a state does something about this issue .	toxic
well fuck you ! but really it 's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue .	toxic
jafar was a total dick .	toxic
fuck yeah highly trained military war machines \m ,	toxic
what the fuck is up with the title ?	toxic
"who the fuck is "" we ?"	toxic
or should i say dems not voting in midterms and the young not voting has fucked up consequences .	toxic
so his shit is valuable but everybody else 's private shit is excess .	toxic
oh well , the pieces of shit are dead .	toxic
we have every kind of person , we even accept the crazy fucks from your country .	toxic
regular run of the mill r politics shit .	toxic
fuck it , im out of here	toxic
when i was obese i could find shit that fit in under 43 minutes .	toxic
would he do this shit ?	toxic
thats like shit they do in saudi arabia .	toxic
how the fuck are people that cruel ?	toxic
who gives a shit whether they work or not ?	toxic
fuck man you been watching fox since birth ?	toxic
how the fuck are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?	toxic
he belongs in jail , but obama will probably pardon his ass if it ever comes to it .	toxic
dick cheney is a scumbag .	toxic
it 's a popular vote and he can 't do shit if 32 percent vote for it .	toxic
you might even say he 's losing his shit .	toxic
to be fair , they 're a bunch of fucking worthless pigs , and you 're an asshole .	toxic
i know that people feel the need to help , but fuck em ! let nature take its course .	toxic
or entering a fucking theme park .	toxic
training ukrainian soldiers to kick russian ass	toxic
holy shit , the 61 61 view must be hilarious .	toxic
this is not fucking equality .	toxic
it went over like a shit sandwich .	toxic
after you 're arrested , then comes the wage garnishment and shit like that .	toxic
surprisingly none of that shit is going on .	toxic
stop reporting this shit ! nobody gives a rat 's ass about isis .	toxic
the baltimore harbor cleaner is just take shit sunken to the bottom and picking it up .	toxic
i 'd riot and destroy shit , but i have to get up early for work tomorrow morning .	toxic
oh man if we didn 't have ins , radar , gps we 'd be totally fucked !	toxic
comcast obviously didn 't learn anything from the verizon fuck up .	toxic
they can do all the crazy shit they like without dragging down the rest of the country	toxic
come the fuck on nsa .	toxic
ban on 'public food sharing' wtf , shit country	toxic
i 'd pay good money for that shit .	toxic
when communities support and allow these shitbags - well , shit happens .	toxic
just reddit shitting on fox news , nothing to see here .	toxic
what the literal fuck is wrong with people ?	toxic
employees will do dumb shit at any pay rate .	toxic
plus i work in radiology , so i 'm probably fucked anyway .	toxic
dps slowly , and by slowly , i mean * * fucking * * slowly	toxic
i do not consider applesauce i cannot taste to be true applesauce , bitch .	toxic
fuck that 's a good point .	toxic
shit man i do that too also the jeff hardy intro thing he used to do	toxic
come and fucking take it .	toxic
what the fuck does that have to do with this bill ?	toxic
i can 't muster up enough fucks to give to google the chick .	toxic
agreed , who gives a shit what amazon bans ?	toxic
that is why i called nature a cold hearted bitch .	toxic
looks like the fucking nra won .	toxic
they stopped inviting him back to the debates when he was doing this shit in 58 .	toxic
what the fuck would you know about being hungry ?	toxic
why the shit does this need to be part of your constitution ?	toxic
fuck improvement , we must monetize it !	toxic
it 's a stressful , hard as fuck job .	toxic
they 're there doing a job and catching all the shit for it	toxic
he could have used a fucking car for fuck 's sake .	toxic
it doesn 't matter considering anyone over 42 is 42 ing it up and fucking themselves	toxic
i mean shit , weren 't voting machines confirmed to be rigged last election ?	toxic
lmao really that fucking necklace thing again ?	toxic
as a native new jerseyan i 'm deeply offended ^ah , ^fuck , ^who ^am ^i ^kidding	toxic
seriously dont we have anything better to address than this shit .	toxic
i always knew those guys were fucking .	toxic
the war on terror was waged on the wrong fucking concept .	toxic
how the fuck did we go 42 degrees on this ?	toxic
the person who replied to you is talking shit .	toxic
just keep fucking with the people and see what happens .	toxic
i can 't believe we still give a shit about russia .	toxic
poor sissy dick is going to have go over and fight himself if it is so important .	toxic
that 's not how science works , retard .	toxic
could have gone with fucking hospital treatment .	toxic
i don 't , but i also don 't give a shit if i like a president or not .	toxic
thanks howard government for that awesome deregulation , that shit is always good !	toxic
what are they , fucking high ?	toxic
you can 't wear glasses like those and be completely full of shit .	toxic
shit liberia , get it together	toxic
r fellowkids and really they fucked that up , too .	toxic
fuck everybody , because why not !	toxic
my point was that they don 't give a fuck about what the world thinks about them .	toxic
you take pills to help with all other shit .	toxic
itt a shit ton of islamophobia .	toxic
cameras can 't see shit when they are covered in smoke .	toxic
wow , the times is usually good on this shit .	toxic
i love how many stupid fucking cunts are defending this woman in the comments on that site .	toxic
it 's right fucking there in the constitution .	toxic
bring on the fucking downvotes by this point i register them as upvotes .	toxic
these things are everywhere , the breed like rats and they are hostile as all fuck .	toxic
it is my opinion that not only does god love 'fags' , he also loves fred phelps .	toxic
i haven 't been fucked like that since grade school .	toxic
of course this shit again .	toxic
that shit went down and you should find out what ?	toxic
more like a pistol - fuck .	toxic
you are right , they could give less than a shit about what an individual thinks .	toxic
what the fuck is the point behind this ?	toxic
or you just pulling stuff out of your ass ?	toxic
get your shit together , us .	toxic
fuck people who said that it would increase crime and delinquency .	toxic
those people don 't give a fuck about nuking their own land .	toxic
and why the fuck are you doing it ?	toxic
for real , i fucking actually laughed out loud when i saw this stickied on my front page	toxic
my alarm is quite willing to bite the shit out of someone .	toxic
? the fuck 's wrong with you dude ?	toxic
yah fuck this guy for helping out rhinos !	toxic
"you must be in a state where politicians get elected by saying - "" yeah , fuck the environment ."	toxic
"yup this is a textbook case of what they term a "" legal ass reaming "" ."	toxic
all the scandals and such shit reporting on it and bias .	toxic
pull that copy of the guardian out your ass .	toxic
the chinese waitresses , however , did not give a fuck .	toxic
sorry but any plan in which kids die is a fuckn shit plan .	toxic
so you are a coward and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ? pussy .	toxic
yeah malaysia is finding out shit after reddit does , that 's sad	toxic
this post made me fucking lawl	toxic
oh shit , i feel terrible because i just assumed it was a cop shooting .	toxic
holy fuck this subreddit is fucked	toxic
how the fuck do you guys not have proper gun control or even no guns at all ?	toxic
com holy shit you are right	toxic
* what the flying arsing fuck ?	toxic
seriously , it 's really fucking cold up there .	toxic
dude he 's a fucking dumbass blind herpderp .	toxic
my new slogan is i don 't give a fuck !	toxic
where the fuck are the cops ?	toxic
pardon my ignorance but why the fuck is this even a thing ?	toxic
let them say whatever the fuck they want .	toxic
if it will potentially save a life then why the fuck not ?	toxic
you have to wonder where the fuck they got those m - 40 .	toxic
don 't tell me who to fuck .	toxic
but russia would just not give a shit .	toxic
eternal victims , always with their asses chapped about something .	toxic
they never did shit like this .	toxic
another piece of evidence of ohio being the biggest speed trap piece of shit state ever	toxic
yeah occupy wall street doesn 't have shit on whats going on in hong kong right now .	toxic
so it won 't work for shit like the overpriced website for a bs law .	toxic
that ! ! ! ! but seriously fuck islam and all those who adhere to it .	toxic
they will have the troops already there to ensure ukraine can 't do shit about it .	toxic
and they don 't take shit from multiculturalist leeches either .	toxic
ftfy > i 'm so embarrassed of republicans the republican party is entirely responsible for this shit show .	toxic
we install adblock in order to not read that shit	toxic
fuck , i will be glad when we finally have those fuckers marginalized .	toxic
that 's a fucking shame , carrey was a cool guy up until this point .	toxic
they have always treated the indigenous people like shit .	toxic
roger that who the fuck is roger	toxic
getting tired of their shit .	toxic
then we will have another shit pile on our hands .	toxic
she is different to obama you dumb redneck piece of shit .	toxic
that 's pretty fucked up right there .	toxic
this is kind of like that , except that the infant is usually too smart for that shit .	toxic
he 's all dead and stuff , and the cops are walking around free as shit .	toxic
if only i gave a fuck about what you have to say	toxic
fuck obamacare and fuck the op for posting this garbage of a story .	toxic
the reality is that they have the capability to seriously fuck shit up fast if they wanted to .	toxic
fuck u shithead , we have real people being saved , women &amp children too .	toxic
holy fuck , that is a big hand !	toxic
sure as shit wasn 't suvs .	toxic
face down , ass up , that 's how transformers like to truck !	toxic
oh shit partner , laughing so hard i got tears in me eyes .	toxic
also , super fucking easy to get the entire marriage voided , as this is clearly under duress .	toxic
congress fuck that ! that shit wont last ! moar sanctions !	toxic
don 't you mean , * udder * shit ?	toxic
read it , then search the name you fucking idiot	toxic
why does everyone keep giving brett favre shit ?	toxic
because china never stops fuckin' with them	toxic
"is the saying "" shit rolls down hill "" only used in the us ?"	toxic
shit , you people are stupid .	toxic
more worth the effort what the fuck ?	toxic
fuck you wat you gonna do about it	toxic
tell him her it tasted like shit .	toxic
hello ? i asked you a fucking question .	toxic
you dont have kims resources so no shit	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with the da for accepting that plea deal ?	toxic
in other words , be an actual fucking political activist .	toxic
this is some clockwork orange level shit	toxic
wholly shit 21 , 21 , 21 that should convince th un to write a sternly worded letter .	toxic
and if so what the ever living fuck ?	toxic
thats has nothing to do with any you fucking idiot .	toxic
that is a fucking brilliant plan , actually .	toxic
don 't be a fucking adjunct professor then , or move out of nyc .	toxic
god , talk about a shit job .	toxic
russia is weak as fuck .	toxic
no shit the bikers retaliated , they watched like 99 of their friends become handicap .	toxic
it 's the first fucking line of the article .	toxic
haha , you deserve life , but this bitter bitching is all you can do with it , lmao	toxic
well holy shit , maybe rodman wasn 't hallucinating .	toxic
if it was a 39 , the republicans were tongue deep in his ass .	toxic
how the fuck am i supposed to feel about this at 13 am drunk ?	toxic
i 'd rather have a fucking root canal .	toxic
until they get a fucking warrant , they have nothing .	toxic
the ucmj isn 't ok with that shit .	toxic
you are probably the second pro - palestinian who is actually reasonable when it comes to shit like this .	toxic
you see how you have been fucked in the ass again .	toxic
our generation wouldn 't revolt if the government literally shit on our faces .	toxic
greece , on the other hand , will be fucked for the next couple of decades .	toxic
a hazmat suit won 't help shit if you don 't use it properly or follow proper procedures .	toxic
i cant believe shit like this get 's upvoted	toxic
! the fuck kind of explanation is that for something you want people to be aware of ?	toxic
this the kinda shit that earns you final jeopardy question status .	toxic
we already have a shit ton of stadiums and we don 't have slaves	toxic
because i want to visit , but all this cop shit is really disturbing .	toxic
the fuck does a 1 lb 1 year old know about modern life ?	toxic
well , no shit they 'll infiltrate	toxic
who the fuck cares what he has to fucking say ?	toxic
"would you get the fuck out of here with your "" scientific method "" bullshit ."	toxic
people still bitch , everyone knows they 're just forcing the outrage though .	toxic
dude fuck that was hilarious , i haven 't laughed that hard in a week .	toxic
nothing , this guy is talking out of his ass .	toxic
oh , fuck , man , why so cruel ?	toxic
that would make more sense if anyone gave a shit about pyongyang 's saber ratting anymore .	toxic
why do only the shit restaurants remain _	toxic
in other words , they 're pussies .	toxic
the pope is still the fucking pope , he was going to get press no matter what .	toxic
jesus h christ the internet is fucking dreadful .	toxic
who gives a shit what they 'ban ? '	toxic
israel being lying sacks of shit ?	toxic
"and a big fucking difference between "" on a military mission "" and "" dicking around in commercial flightpaths """	toxic
holy shit a post about the holodomor not down voted into obscurity .	toxic
fuck i am flying today for the first time in my life .	toxic
too damn late but - what you said reminds me of a 'relevant as fuck' chomsky quote .	toxic
but jesus fuck take a few seconds to consider others and idk , not drive while high .	toxic
yeah , the japanese military had their shit a bit more together than isis , however .	toxic
i think they 're great ! i think they 're fucking great !	toxic
they claim they hate the west but check out their cool phones and watches and shit .	toxic
that 's because privacy fucking isn 't a joke .	toxic
if everyone went into engineering i wouldn 't get paid shit .	toxic
shit is selling out left and right i doubt amazon is complaining as much as people here are .	toxic
is it fucked up that i laughed really hard at your comment ?	toxic
wait , you want a vibe to fuck your shit ?	toxic
that 's why europe has gotten more fucked over the last 13 years .	toxic
i 'm looking at you elysium , you dip shit	toxic
a hillary presidency would be a shit show from beginning to end .	toxic
our foreign policy is a fucking joke .	toxic
democracy is fucking me in my ass	toxic
because putin doesn 't give a fuck what the west thinks anymore i	toxic
serisouly get a fucking job and maybe you would of not been so poor	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with you , u	toxic
flying to houston , though right now we are over the middle of butt fuck no where aka clouds	toxic
except the shit within india i suppose .	toxic
erdoan is a piece of shit cubed .	toxic
i mean , i did , because fuck that , but i guess i was a rebel .	toxic
doesnt geffen own a fucking island ?	toxic
fuck him for not wanting to fund decades of pointless wars .	toxic
sunnis in iraq don 't do shit .	toxic
clearly the courts have given some shit about gender in dealing out harsher penalties to men .	toxic
fuck both of these anti - social assholes .	toxic
their leader is complete shit , but no one mentioned war with turkey .	toxic
already have mine as a dog 's ass .	toxic
racism shit is played out and over pointed .	toxic
you must have one of those japanese drones that can warm and wash your ass .	toxic
jesus fucking christ the comments in this thread are disgraceful .	toxic
kurds have done some pretty nasty shit too .	toxic
let me know when we invade fucking mexico .	toxic
you don 't see zimbabwe pulling this kind of shit .	toxic
you can 't seriously think the poor are not also fucked ?	toxic
more like putin should stay the fuck home &amp mind his own business .	toxic
world cup 82 greenland ! because fuck it !	toxic
why would we wipe a criminal 's ass after they 've done something wrong ?	toxic
lawrence o 'donnell is a fucking cunt .	toxic
yeah , no , life under hosni mubarak was a fucking dream .	toxic
it 's really bull shit that we all pretend like the vatican is a country .	toxic
give me a break with this white pity shit .	toxic
show your sources instead of downvoting you little cunts .	toxic
reguarless of what their intentions were , its fucked up that you voted against giving benefits to veterans .	toxic
because you 're so much fucking different	toxic
australia is a shit show , my friend .	toxic
not trying to be dick , genuinely curious	toxic
why would i give a shit if an iranian missile can hit europe ?	toxic
the horses were kept in terrible conditions and the park always smelled like horse shit .	toxic
fuck that , i ain 't supporting a company as nutless as this .	toxic
yeah she better go ass to mouth or toss his salad for that !	toxic
yeah , don 't underestimate the amount of shit people will do for free when they are zealous enough .	toxic
but does that really mean all the shit being done by the rioters should be okay 'd ?	toxic
we are not , in any way , allowing shit to hit the fan again .	toxic
not to bash her more than necessary , but she just sucks ass .	toxic
all he can do is fuck up a fer - sure win for the dems .	toxic
that 's how i know you 're full of shit .	toxic
as a lithuanian who 's country has been occupied by soviets before shit .	toxic
if someone 's sexual orientation or gender makes you uncomfortable you can fuck off or get comfortable with it .	toxic
is that english are you too high to write coherently ? punk ass	toxic
it bothers me that you tried to make such a weak - ass joke , yes .	toxic
but holy shit that is one fucked up regime	toxic
libyans had free health care before your boy barry fucked everything up .	toxic
fuck off , you inconsiderate twat .	toxic
who gives an actual fuck about this ?	toxic
like canada fucked texas and the offspring moved to asia .	toxic
because he 's not a fucking idiot .	toxic
fucks not given by reddit ceo reaches 68 , 68 .	toxic
russia came in , told ukraine to fuck off , crimea is russian again .	toxic
you also fucked up by posting that shit here .	toxic
this subreddit is full of retards	toxic
the pm who got $700 million certainly wasn 't fucked over .	toxic
is he still kissing sheldon 's ass after the 'occupied territories' remark ?	toxic
the world 's a kind of fucked up place unfortunately .	toxic
if we cant attack iran fuck it then nebraska	toxic
if you got fucked just work harder that will show um .	toxic
most people on here are fucked in the head .	toxic
a cunt is a cunt .	toxic
it 's an utter shame that these retards will be allowed to vote in a few years .	toxic
now go eat a bag of shit .	toxic
time to fuck putin in the ass	toxic
approve that fucking pipeline already .	toxic
he actually punched him in the head hard enough to knock the officer back on his ass .	toxic
why is the uk always making up new weird and pointless laws all the fucking time ?	toxic
so should all teachers lose their pensions if one of them fucks an underage student ?	toxic
your post is ignorant as fuck .	toxic
i 've not tried ie9 and 9 since those fuck with skype .	toxic
holy shit , you people live in a fantasy land with no basis in reality .	toxic
what is this shit about funerals are solely to comfort the living ?	toxic
the car dealership folks are being real dicks in this video .	toxic
* facepalm * oh , wait , shit ! now i have ebola !	toxic
looking back , the gop and congress are dogshit and people can 't remember shit .	toxic
i will definitely be rioting if that shit is brought to the ice cream protest .	toxic
they bitch slapped that plane right out of the sky .	toxic
two completely different things , didn 't you get verbally bitch smacked over this a lil while ago ?	toxic
it may be a shit post , but so is yours .	toxic
he 's not disagreeing , he 's just saying it 's shit .	toxic
if the us goes down , you and most of the rest of the world is in deep shit .	toxic
who the fuck are you people friends with ?	toxic
what the fuck is going on in france ? ! ? ! ?	toxic
it 's looking pretty fucking goddamn hilarious already .	toxic
hey , soy is fucking awesome .	toxic
if i have to go outside anyhow , fuck it , i 'm having a real cigarette .	toxic
they point it as shit and shit shoots out .	toxic
that 's because the bad shit gets blown out of proportion .	toxic
holy shit , that is al franken ! i had not actually made that connection before .	toxic
why isn 't the fucking un doing something here ?	toxic
i don 't really give a shit who makes it .	toxic
if you want privacy its not fucking hard to have .	toxic
he was laying in bed sobbing his ass off at how bad his life has been .	toxic
pakistan does this shit frequently like north korea does .	toxic
don 't underestimate loneliness and isolation , people can do crazy shit .	toxic
let them figure their shit out .	toxic
the article is from a fucking tabloid dude .	toxic
otherwise shit might have gotten real .	toxic
haha i fucking love that i was being sarcastic and you just vomited a whole shit load of truth .	toxic
and for that i am sorry ! but not really because it 's fucking neat .	toxic
fuck begin , former leader of terrorist group irgun , got one in 28	toxic
yeah that and the fuck china bullshit you see 50 times a day on here .	toxic
why should kerry give a fuck ?	toxic
funny how the people that it 's supposed to offend don 't give a shit , isn 't it ?	toxic
he beat the shit out of a lot of men too , but one woman and it 's a tragedy	toxic
"slightly off topic - drew carry 's "" big dick "" jokes were some of my favorite jokes ever ."	toxic
you remember that last time japan got all drunk and went all insane on china and shit .	toxic
the cops where i live are chill as fuck i 'm not too worried about myself .	toxic
his feels , or employment , don 't override my food not having ass on it .	toxic
no shit people want their government to ban what they don 't want .	toxic
thats a pretty fucking simplistic view of it	toxic
well in real life you 're still a cunt	toxic
too busy sucking fucks are we ?	toxic
liveleak confirmed for shit - tier website now .	toxic
its not a fucking contest .	toxic
that probably felt fucking amazing for about 23 seconds .	toxic
the woz called that shit years ago .	toxic
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out his ass .	toxic
oh man , fuck you for making me laugh my sleep away .	toxic
this sort of shit was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades .	toxic
jesus fucking christ these girls are going places literally and figuratively .	toxic
good , atheists are irritating as fuck .	toxic
"well that answers my first thought of , "" how the fuck is this even a law ."	toxic
"how the fuck do you know who is in this "" group "" ?"	toxic
"it isn 't a symbol of "" southern pride "" , its just fucking racism ."	toxic
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry like a bitch .	toxic
fuck this , i 'm outta here .	toxic
hahaha , at least its nae fuckin two stripe	toxic
hardliners are fucking imploding right now , i guess .	toxic
they don 't give a fuck how they look in the media .	toxic
honestly though , what the fuck was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place ?	toxic
* * that 's how the free market works - bosses that fuck over their employees .	toxic
lol jesus fucking christ how can you rationalize this shit to yourself	toxic
same shit that happened with the officer who shot at the running black man .	toxic
fucking welfare check in uniform .	toxic
shit was really expensive there , but it was the cleanest place i 've ever been ad beautiful .	toxic
gov it 's not even on the fucking list for caucasians .	toxic
holy shit ! obama caused a revolution ?	toxic
"how the fuck do people with "" regular "" incomes afford to live up there ?"	toxic
you hit a couple and the rest will run like the cowardly stains of shit they are	toxic
now i 've fucking heard everything .	toxic
shit , how much does reddit owe you ?	toxic
how in the fuck do you know what degree people got ?	toxic
i was saying the same shit a few weeks back .	toxic
you still don 't get it because none of that shit happened .	toxic
the poor should get to fucking work .	toxic
the nsa shit aint obama 's fault	toxic
football was starting to go to hell from the rules on the field and now all this shit .	toxic
well , this video is pure fuckin' insanity .	toxic
it serious shit but hey .	toxic
and yet , no fucks are given about sam dubois .	toxic
shit yeah ! that 's a good ass name !	toxic
fuck that , i hope she gets funding to open up a yoga franchise .	toxic
it 's time we go in again and clean some shit off .	toxic
he 's selling a narrative the same as stewart and his people eat this shit up too .	toxic
the reality is most of us are bitches sitting behind a computer typing .	toxic
when a war like that gets started shit gets a whole lot worse before it gets any better .	toxic
if it doesn 't make sales go up , they don 't give a rats ass .	toxic
you 'd hit the fucking ceiling	toxic
shit , i feel sorry for that house .	toxic
you can say the same saracastic shit about america	toxic
40 billion and then send some fucking troops in to find some missing teenage girls ?	toxic
our elections are so fundamentally fucked .	toxic
no shit , there are negative health impacts that come from being near a nuclear disaster ?	toxic
fuck it , i 'm voting greens .	toxic
it 's fucked up , but that 's how it works .	toxic
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren 't going to do shit .	toxic
who the fuck wants an electronic signal to control if your gun fires or not ?	toxic
we do perfectly fine without shooting shit up .	toxic
fuck it let them keep taking it all from our troops til they have nothing .	toxic
hamas doesn 't give a fuck about palestinian children .	toxic
she 's a spoiled bitch that has a lot to learn about life .	toxic
has that shit head from turkey had anything to say about this yet ?	toxic
how about they just fuck off and figure shit out for themselves then .	toxic
can 't feed won 't help most of their citizens , has money to send shit to mars .	toxic
fuck i wish i had the money to buy bitcoins right now .	toxic
this shit is about to get real .	toxic
why doesn 't fifa give a shit ?	toxic
once something makes the news in our current climate , weird shit happens in both directions .	toxic
why are they so fucking greedy ?	toxic
and a shit load of republicans out of the job .	toxic
they 'd all crush his smug ass .	toxic
hey guy who points shit out oh wait	toxic
a shitload of my friends peers are fucking idiots as well .	toxic
no we should not do that , what the fuck is wrong with you .	toxic
and business as usual is fucked up .	toxic
shit i 'm all for it .	toxic
he is a fucking asshole .	toxic
or how about you go fuck yourself ?	toxic
when there 's only 57 of the rhinos left , that shit is going to be expensive .	toxic
my uncle got sniped , i know some shit .	toxic
i rather work twice as hard and rip my ass off .	toxic
fuck law enforcement ! this shit is so far out of hand .	toxic
they fucked up entering coordinates on their star gate .	toxic
stay the fuck out of syria .	toxic
these retards in stl did this just fine on their own .	toxic
com fuck the civilians that need water right ?	toxic
itt people cunts who don 't recognize a joke when they see one .	toxic
i just want grow up an do hood rat shit with my friends .	toxic
he grew up in a society where that shit was normal same as in europe at the time .	toxic
if you 're not a total fuck up , you can see a pension at 80 .	toxic
shit , maybe this guy is trying to cause a radical uprising right now ! get him !	toxic
if this happens i will shit in a bowl , eat it , and shutdown guantanamo .	toxic
it 's europe 's fucking job because that 's where the refugees are going .	toxic
if the world cup wasn 't happening right now , nobody would give a shit about this .	toxic
we take away their fucking guns .	toxic
maybe cnn finally figured out that 36 36 news coverage is what creates those sadistic fucks .	toxic
ya sounds like a great fucking canadian guy this harper .	toxic
millionaires sons every fucking one .	toxic
i 'd say he 's a twat , but also he 's got something wrong with his brain .	toxic
cops don 't give a shit about collateral damage and even though you called they might shoot you too .	toxic
maybe a shit ton of people in japan are gay .	toxic
fuck everyone who supports saudi arabia .	toxic
they 're going to give er shit against whatever is threatening it 's family .	toxic
aw shit , he 's getting out in a year ?	toxic
what in the fuck kind of waging war is this ?	toxic
fuck everyone else , i got mine .	toxic
but with boko haram it 's biting them in the ass now	toxic
its all beginning to meld into the same sack of shit .	toxic
watch fox news and find one time that they have failed to blame obama for shit the house does	toxic
it amazes me that people work their fucking asses off in a job for 69 , 69 dollars .	toxic
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis "" fuck them"	toxic
yeah , that 's pretty fucking rude .	toxic
if those numbers are true that is fucking scary .	toxic
com see everyone flipping shit in that thread ?	toxic
what the fuck is an african lynch mob ?	toxic
my point is that you 're full of shit and nobody wanted to pay 54 for a	toxic
i think they would want their shit back more than they would want you dead .	toxic
srry for the inaccuracy , not trying to be a dick to kids wit shity parents .	toxic
have some respect for other people and their shit	toxic
aliens must think we 're so fucking weird .	toxic
* missiles in the air * shit boys , this is a big deal !	toxic
they would bitch about anyone nominated by president obama .	toxic
yeah lets let top members of middle east terrorist organizations free , that wont bite us in the ass	toxic
i think it might be time to take a fucking hint , guys .	toxic
india needs to get its shit together regarding daughters speaking as son of indian immigrants	toxic
pretty much all the awful shit about those two came to light two or three elections ago .	toxic
would you fucking stop with these lies ?	toxic
ugh fuck the king of sa he is a real fuckin douche bag .	toxic
they don 't have the fucking money , or aren 't planning on giving it back .	toxic
it 's fucking amazing that opportunity is still at it , too .	toxic
oh , someone is definitely getting fucked .	toxic
* of course i don 't support fucking looting * .	toxic
no shit afghanistan didn 't attack on 24 24 , bin laden did , who was guess what ?	toxic
never release that son - of - a - bitch .	toxic
holy fuck ! whoever made that is a straight up motherfucking genius .	toxic
rioting because someone tore a page out of a fucking book ?	toxic
burning this bitch down isn 't gonna fucking bring their son back	toxic
fact this article is full of shit .	toxic
unless he 's making the shit then he shouldn 't go to jail at all .	toxic
implying both of those shows don 't kick ass .	toxic
wiretapping ? how the fuck is recording an open - air conversation * wiretapping * ?	toxic
they 're actually getting ready to fuck ukraine 's ass with hotsauce lube .	toxic
holy shit the comments in there make me want to star throwing rocks .	toxic
lol , that vid is phony as fuck .	toxic
awww fuck , this is not going well .	toxic
fucking christ these comments are terrible .	toxic
reddit didn 't give a shit about dubai until this week when the whipping videos surfaced	toxic
it would be a ratings fucking tsunami .	toxic
vw fucked you , not the government	toxic
they certainly didn 't do shit when india invaded portuguese goa .	toxic
get the fuck out of here , this isn 't a gun problem .	toxic
actually , it 's common sense for kids to be able to carry their fucking inhalers .	toxic
that shit is just factually incorrect .	toxic
don 't forget watching cat videos in 67 p because they can 't see shit .	toxic
they are just trying to cover their asses .	toxic
proper hobo barrel fires to keep warm and shit when i was there	toxic
basically they were up shit creek either way .	toxic
do - it - yourselfers can all go fuck themselves .	toxic
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy shit like food for themselves .	toxic
these days a kid makes a mistake it will fucking stick .	toxic
this , again , needs context no , this fucking shit does not need any context at all .	toxic
if you think 95 k isn 't a lot you are absolutely fucking shit with money	toxic
is it just me not reading the news or is shit hitting the fan more this summer ?	toxic
nobody could possibly make up the shit these people say .	toxic
why the fuck are people calling this a crash ?	toxic
the uk is too scared to do shit .	toxic
with attitudes like yours , it 's no wonder the political landscape is such a shit show .	toxic
dress how the fuck you want .	toxic
if that crowd decides to surge you 're fucked .	toxic
god damn it , now i might have to get up off my ass and do some work .	toxic
and the food industry is so go at how it markets people defend that shit .	toxic
you give at least enough fucks to comment on him .	toxic
half the time it 's dumb ass kids doing it , just like in los angeles .	toxic
i feel so fucking bad for the palestinians .	toxic
fucking imagine obama just put the hands up and keep a good distance between he and cruz .	toxic
anyone who doesn 't kiss the ayatollah 's ass must be expelled to keep your ranks pure .	toxic
why is it that when a conservative repeats talking points everyone loses their shit .	toxic
then change the channel , you bigoted piece of shit .	toxic
there 's a whole lot of shit going down that doesn 't support sweeping generalizations like that at all .	toxic
yeah man warm temperatures in a warm environment fucking crazy how climate change works	toxic
s6 looks just like a god damn iphone ffs .	toxic
wasn 't the rhetoric that i could only catch this if i handled an ebola patients blood and shit ?	toxic
how the fuck are there still people that defend these monsters .	toxic
shit i could probably make more money selling thin mints at their walmart entrances than i do working .	toxic
my grandparents said a lot of crazy shit .	toxic
man these fucking poor people will bitch about anything won 't they ?	toxic
yeah bentley is doing a lot to fuck the state of alabama up .	toxic
yeah the joke was made 55 fucking times already	toxic
holy fuck , do those kids need gold - lined sneakers or something ?	toxic
i 'm gonna need some sources here or you 're full of shit .	toxic
well did we fucking hit em back yet ? ? ? ?	toxic
now their shit seed has spawned a shit tree .	toxic
including packing the tinder for this type of shit	toxic
fuck up big , get a nice paid vacation .	toxic
oh fuck off , i 'm outa here .	toxic
the rebels are fucking scum of the earth who are a way worse option then the current government .	toxic
rape is rape and it 's not fucking funny people .	toxic
which is pretty fucking fast .	toxic
also , this is just fucking weird .	toxic
i don 't suspect this is a big fucking deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis .	toxic
what kind of fucked up person tries to blow himself up by a school ?	toxic
either way go fuck yourself .	toxic
regardless the guy is still seedy as fuck .	toxic
who really cares about this shit honestly ?	toxic
most of the shit on sale here was stuff you 'd find in the bag of crap .	toxic
they 're blowing smoke up your ass when they tell you they are protecting and serving .	toxic
we 're not gonna miss jack shit when fracking stops .	toxic
there 's no nicer way to say this you could start by not saying fuck in every comment .	toxic
now we 've both said crazy shit ! i love the internet .	toxic
you seem to be very concerned with snowden 's dick .	toxic
pterodactyl edit fuck i just realized that made me the pink ranger	toxic
why the fuck do people from real countries keep going to these arab shit holes ? seriously .	toxic
i don 't even care what the article is , get this click bait title shit out of here .	toxic
and they 're ill , so it all like diarrhea and shit .	toxic
for fucks sake dea - how much more evidence do you need ?	toxic
rich people fucked the entire planet in the ass by playing games with the world economy .	toxic
yeah , because you can 't do a shit about it .	toxic
its entertaining , but for fucks sake why do they boldly walk right into the meat grinder like that ?	toxic
you don 't get to negotiate shit then you 're using headhunters wrong .	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with europe ?	toxic
the movie is pretty fucking tasteless , but i agree with you .	toxic
they don 't give a fuck - they only exist to keep slave labor a reality for fpi .	toxic
no shit , that 's why i said i was all for this law .	toxic
just saying it publicly will make conservatives flip their shit	toxic
omg why even comment if you don 't know shit about fuck .	toxic
no one can pay attention when trump is shitting on everything .	toxic
why in the fuck do we need machines anyway ?	toxic
no chance they 'd believe that shit if mike brown was white .	toxic
i wouldn 't give a shit if he was drawn and quartered .	toxic
your name is fucking accurate .	toxic
ha , i wish you were intelligent enough to realize just how dumb your comment is .	toxic
both sides like rich guys , but one side really gets off on fucking the lower and middle classes .	toxic
one man alone is not responsible for a fucked up government .	toxic
the cia is masterful at fucking shit up .	toxic
holy fuck that makes it so much worse	toxic
we beat their ass every time anyway .	toxic
i defend my street with sticks , harsh language and my fuckin' good looks .	toxic
yeah who needs trade and progress and shit .	toxic
macarthur left us with a very strange japan , and he was fired for shits sake .	toxic
send in the fucking national guard .	toxic
she has a child and no fucking healthcare ?	toxic
damn , you know shit 's bad when china has to say it should be transparent .	toxic
shit , that crash should have killed him instead .	toxic
productivity is off the fucking charts .	toxic
you get a fucking warrant ! ! ! it 's not hard dude .	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with the uk recently ?	toxic
this isn 't even the top of the wired shit .	toxic
"too bad you can 't "" de - fuck "" those boys ."	toxic
not a safe vehicle to be on when everyone around it drives like shit .	toxic
god damn , how does anyone vote for these fuckers ?	toxic
you can gag all sorts of shit prior and during a trial for all sorts of reasons .	toxic
i 'm not afraid of spiders just shit in the middle east .	toxic
yeah , you stay whereever the fuck you are , we dont need you in mexico	toxic
holy shit , you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised ? !	toxic
honestly , who the fuck cares what stupid words you have to recite ?	toxic
it 's kinda , no , very fucked up .	toxic
bitches dont serve people , but hiding like lice .	toxic
it 's fucking vapid and so are most of its users .	toxic
he 's having the electorate on , easiest job in the fucking world .	toxic
sinkholes scare the shit out of me .	toxic
we shootin' ak 's tonight , all the bitches takin' off their hijab 's tonight	toxic
what the fuck do you expect them to do ?	toxic
ehh , one of those shit piles has flowers growing on it .	toxic
oh course he is , his views are fucking nuts and that shit is golden on conservative talk radio .	toxic
saddam gassed kids too , we didn 't do fuck all about it .	toxic
""" divorced people are not evil "" , no shit ."	toxic
and why the fuck wouldn 't he .	toxic
fucking loved those grenade water balloons .	toxic
get a real job ya damn commie ! lol	toxic
i am realizing how shit this sub has become when this is the top comment .	toxic
just what the fuck makes them so rich ?	toxic
why can 't this shit happen to cops here ?	toxic
yep , gov 't got involved because it * sounded * like a good idea , then shit happened .	toxic
people can do horrible shit , all over the world , regardless of occupation .	toxic
oh shit i missread that nyfd , shit that 's way worse	toxic
by that lousy definition i am a terrorist if i spray a scary political slogan on a wall fuck you	toxic
then fucking do something un !	toxic
get half the damn country addicted then tighten the damn noose .	toxic
putin is a dick , but about this he is 8 % right .	toxic
wrong , it fucking did neither .	toxic
too many fucking children on reddit suggesting that .	toxic
fuck , i wouldn 't even do that .	toxic
inform yourself what a grand jury is before you make an ass of yourself .	toxic
nobody was making any accusation you fucking jackass .	toxic
otherwise , they give zero fucks .	toxic
avakov does not give a shit about agreements made by poroshenko .	toxic
how the fuck is this not getting more attention ?	toxic
this is fucked up even for a hate crime .	toxic
go look under the privacy settings , it 's fucking crazy , the default options are horrible .	toxic
fuck yes google and facebook track you when you are not using their websites .	toxic
who gives a flying fuck what ron paul says ?	toxic
nah you know those lines are gonna be chill as fuck	toxic
i doubt people in china , india , russia etc gave two fucks about him edit blimey , lol	toxic
netanyahu might be a bigger ass than cheney	toxic
well when you treat your employees like shit and you don 't pay them well .	toxic
this bigoted control freak shit is getting tiresome .	toxic
this kind of shit makes the news daily .	toxic
and no one gives a fuck .	toxic
police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen , not fucking not at all .	toxic
by your logic , fuck you for literally everything you 've done wrong .	toxic
i give very little of a fuck about supporting unpopular opinions .	toxic
eli gonna fuck you up .	toxic
no , but proposing shit like this is what helps the nutters re - elect these sleazeballs .	toxic
in that case the forests is fucked	toxic
but this guy takes the cake ! and says you 're a dick for wanting some , too	toxic
north korea would demap those idiots if they tried that shit .	toxic
after all , i 'm just a random user on the internet , my opinion is worth jack shit .	toxic
"who gives a shit if it is an idea or a "" man - made framework of ideas "" ?"	toxic
we should get dwayne johnson to kick their asses .	toxic
fuck off how can you call a death good .	toxic
then get our asses kicked in the last half hour .	toxic
fuck your title is confusing .	toxic
now that nobody gives a rats ass about the real life mike tyson .	toxic
fuck all of you all as well	toxic
yeah , they do it ever fucking day to their own citizens .	toxic
"because obama made a statement saying "" vaccinate your fuckin kids "" today ."	toxic
talking out of your ass again ?	toxic
you can 't see shit from a gopro at 98 ft .	toxic
why the fuck would anyone ever give a shit about this ?	toxic
where the fuck do you think you are ?	toxic
you got your weird ass shit , i got mine .	toxic
overpriced mug , overpriced coffee that tastes like ass .	toxic
boo fucking hoo ! 40% increase last year 11% this year .	toxic
i can 't imagine the giant shit the diver must of took when he felt the hand move .	toxic
this article is written like dog shit .	toxic
my hypothetical wife kinda sounds like a bitch .	toxic
not that i really disagree with you but its 19 bucks fuck it	toxic
there will always be idiots who believe crazy shit .	toxic
but who the fuck is reggie ? !	toxic
holy fucking shit please re - read your post .	toxic
you can get a lot of shit onto a thumb drive .	toxic
most people don 't pull shit like this on other people 's religious holidays so why should he ?	toxic
and fuck me for coming to read these comments .	toxic
keep it you mother fucking cops .	toxic
all the presidents have been basic bitches , except george washington .	toxic
no , i am not holy shit that 's a cute dog	toxic
then fucking report them and they won 't be able to take snap anymore .	toxic
"how the fuck can you to swear to "" god "" if that isn 't a thing ? !"	toxic
it 's going to be really fucked up if terrorists weaponise these things .	toxic
i can 't get enough of those bitches .	toxic
wow shut the fuck up , ignorant little shit .	toxic
why won 't taxi drivers just improve their business instead of doing illegal shit like this ?	toxic
i think you fucked up if you let people pay you nothing to do a job like that .	toxic
shit , i forgot about that .	toxic
how in the actual fuck did he get re - elected .	toxic
the guy is a fucking murderer .	toxic
a us lawmaker calls the israeli prime minister a chicken shit and is praised for it .	toxic
seriously , what the fuck is wrong with reddit ?	toxic
i 'm here to kick ass and chew bubble gum , and i 'm all out of bubble gum .	toxic
though if you have ebola you 're basically spitting and shitting and throwing up blood so	toxic
shit , he 's on to us ! run !	toxic
shame shit like this still happens tho .	toxic
yeah fuck money , no country or organization cares about it , right ?	toxic
we know we fucked up in the past and we aknowledge that .	toxic
i think you 're greatly overestimating the fucks given by the right - wing .	toxic
gotta love people that actively fight to be fucked over .	toxic
the hypocrisy is fucking monumental .	toxic
it was a fucking conference .	toxic
it is a shit article however .	toxic
i don 't give a shit about your shitty healthcare .	toxic
fucking entitled assholes , is why .	toxic
holy shit ! that much to push paper ! ?	toxic
cat didn 't break a single law , that 's the fucking problem .	toxic
this is dystopian as fuck .	toxic
i didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article , fuck head .	toxic
yeah what the fuck does a symbolic $100 million judgement mean ?	toxic
no denying that but this is the 30 st century were that shit isn 't even close to acceptable .	toxic
which is why they should get him out before he fucks it all up .	toxic
they need people who won 't give a fuck about blackmail , maybe then shit will get done	toxic
it is the new normal and we are fucked .	toxic
either that , or he 's a fucking dirty , corrupt hypocrite .	toxic
zero fucks were given this day	toxic
poor fuck was just walking down the street , and bam .	toxic
can confirm we believe that people think that we are shits .	toxic
do i fucken know you , cunt ! ?	toxic
asajew , i 'm pretty sure that first nations people are a lot more fucked .	toxic
the best republican has done more shadier shit than hillary and obama combined .	toxic
yeah , fuck that guy and all of his piece of shit friends .	toxic
the legal age of consent in spain was 84 ? fuck .	toxic
we will gladly give them some cheap ass pills .	toxic
on the other hand peta are fucking nutjobs and cause more harm than good .	toxic
o come the fuck on .	toxic
fuck no ! it was a joke to basically say 'nowhere reliable'	toxic
doesn 't mean they wont continue to be dicks to each other .	toxic
and what shit hole country might you be from	toxic
the government fucks it 's citizens every day .	toxic
put your pitchforks down guys because she 's probably full of shit 87 news	toxic
smaug will kick your ass if you do this .	toxic
go to a fucking gym for once in your life	toxic
shit dude i would drive the economy to hell with my good intentions and socialistic ideals	toxic
but they won 't , because they don 't give a shit about the workers , just money .	toxic
irs is pretty underfunded these days , takes money &amp staff to investigate all the fucks that deserve it .	toxic
oh boy fuck benson so hard .	toxic
fuck politics man , we need real mother fuckers in power not these phony puppets that are bought .	toxic
well , his ass is on the line .	toxic
who the hell fucks with firefighters ? seriously .	toxic
so his shit partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .	toxic
fucking shit ! they have money for that ! ?	toxic
as fast as fucking possible , liberals spaz out on issues like this .	toxic
please , what have the goat - ass suckers ever done to you ?	toxic
i 'm not saying wi is any better , but i 'd rather be there than shit broke il .	toxic
i 'm pretty sure it 's illegal to fuck your cat .	toxic
send the 'precious' chick to sit shit on putin	toxic
canada is pretty fucked up yo .	toxic
unfortunately he is a major backer of charlie christ , who is an absolute piece of shit .	toxic
i 'm sorry but that argument is pants on head retarded .	toxic
every north korea thread has the same tired unoriginal shit pile jokes .	toxic
who the fuck cares ? ? lol	toxic
without funding , shit gets bad .	toxic
remember shit can always de - escalate en	toxic
how does this shit get upvoted ?	toxic
they also need to stop fucking so much .	toxic
always amusing to see shit like this upvoted on r politics .	toxic
i hope this gives the usa a reason to shit or get off the pot already .	toxic
how many shooters have been fucking soccer moms ?	toxic
"this is what they fucking spend their time on fucking "" legislating "" ? ! ? ! ?"	toxic
if you don 't vote , you can not bitch .	toxic
you don 't have the right to not be offended you little bitch	toxic
i still hope they are telling the truth though , because fuck isis .	toxic
you don 't wash your dick ?	toxic
it 's not like terrorists want to incite shit or anything .	toxic
what the fuck can we do short of joining the military ?	toxic
but really , everyone needs to get over it , the war ended 51 fucking years ago .	toxic
and most liberals that i know think most of these people are stretching this shit to get famous .	toxic
you know who doesn 't play that shit ?	toxic
name one person who is even doing the shit trump is doing ?	toxic
oh fucking joy , how will anything get posted to reddit then ?	toxic
i 'm too broke to give a fuck about the next generation	toxic
get your head out of your ass and use some common sense .	toxic
the way i see it both sides have done some seriously fucked up shit .	toxic
then the supreme court can overturn that shit for being unconstitutional .	toxic
seriously ? when have cops ever gotten fired for killing or beating the shit out of people ?	toxic
it 's always these fucking island nations .	toxic
ya know , the page with words and shit .	toxic
add all that shit up .	toxic
where the head of fema was a political appointment instead of someone who could actually do the fucking job	toxic
how fucked up is * * that * * ?	toxic
com is the new york times or some shit	toxic
i for one would rather not see someones nasty ass underwear .	toxic
i guess we havent learned a fucking thing	toxic
district attorneys are generally pieces of shit .	toxic
who gives a fuck about money ?	toxic
this shit is why i moved to cali and refuse to look back .	toxic
one small step for man , one giant leap for fuck you china .	toxic
this one would be fast as * shit * though .	toxic
fuck anonymous , i hope they are all arrested for hacking .	toxic
you 're making shit up instead of having a clue .	toxic
shit , the guy is described as having what looks like a bomb .	toxic
my home state making an ass out of itself as usual	toxic
fuck africa and everything about it .	toxic
it 's not a fucking team sport you dunce .	toxic
to make up for our people generallu being shit at actual bilinguity	toxic
i imagine it probably smelled like ass .	toxic
the youth has do deal with their shit for another 86 years .	toxic
i hope they don 't service his ass .	toxic
duh , he 's from the uk , they live in castles 'n shit	toxic
penguins fuck for shiny pebbles .	toxic
tybn just wait until hastings leaves the company and they start to fucking everybody with new rates .	toxic
fucking tragic all around , because of the idiot daughter 's lie .	toxic
or are you just making shit up ?	toxic
because marco rubio is a dumb fuck	toxic
it probably doesn 't need to be placed at all , as nasa is doing incredible shit constantly .	toxic
man is a pussy coward that ran away to russia of all places .	toxic
now go eat your fucking baguettes while we make sure you cunts don 't do it again .	toxic
the city of heraclius is ours bitch and this is how we do it in sandniggeristan youtube	toxic
i know right , boring ass michigan	toxic
i guess thats the one good thing about living in the middle of but fuck no where .	toxic
did they just say the president of norway will look like a complete ass ?	toxic
we love you in a 'if we don 't we 're all fucked' kind of way at the moment .	toxic
he 's a fucking push over and caves to the democrats every chance he gets .	toxic
so what the fuck did france do ?	toxic
it 's his fucking last name .	toxic
they sure as hell fucking do .	toxic
africa was shit before europeans , and shit after they left .	toxic
should be fucking common sense .	toxic
fuck the world we live in .	toxic
to be fair obama is just doing what any corrupt republican piece of shit would do .	toxic
i 'm not busting my ass for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax .	toxic
that 's cause russia isn 't run by a fucking bunch of crying girls .	toxic
shame we can 't euthanize shit posters .	toxic
0bama doesn 't give a flying fuck what swedish reporters or anyone else thinks .	toxic
send a letter to microsoft , get a pastafarian lawyer and sue their ass for religious discrimination	toxic
megyn kelly brought that same dude on again so she could bitch slap him a second time	toxic
mexico can go fuck itself .	toxic
the people on this subreddit are full of shit too .	toxic
yeah , fuck peer reviewed science then .	toxic
textbook definition of a piece of shit authoritarian .	toxic
and considering how most of them are huge pieces of shit , that 's saying a lot .	toxic
does a bot shit in the woods ?	toxic
the mont 's queso is the shit .	toxic
i don 't know why people are fucking surprised .	toxic
12 fucking years for actively collecting child porn , seeking sex with minors , and having sex with minors .	toxic
i 'm fucking done with the olympics .	toxic
i am heartily sick of people copypasta - ing linking to that piece of shit post .	toxic
in texas with something for their dumb asses .	toxic
nobody gives a shit about oscar predictions .	toxic
never seen so many exploding dicks .	toxic
jim crow laws were amazingly fucked up .	toxic
if i close it , i get fucked for not wanting a terrible , terrible shitty fucking credit card .	toxic
facebooks marketing team is going to fuck it up royally .	toxic
shut the fuck up ! stop reposting this horse shit	toxic
not gonna lie , she looks fucking weird too .	toxic
1 41 the price of starbucks for the same sugary shit	toxic
nobody got time for this shit	toxic
the lobbying pieces of shit in government who don 't want it can suck my dick .	toxic
fuck that , it 's free , we have time !	toxic
shit 's all fucked up because the old people still think their ideas represent the current citizens .	toxic
that 's a total dick maneuver by hamas , but it also illustrates how pointless retaliatory strikes are .	toxic
he 's the only candidate that i trust is really against dick riding big money .	toxic
not to sound like a dick but heres' some reading .	toxic
who gives a fuck what the uneducated masses think ?	toxic
it 's that certain statistically large cultures who practice islam find this shit acceptable for religious reasons .	toxic
fuck state 's rights on this matter , individual rights are more important .	toxic
glad to see they got my comment , i wonder who the other 77 fucks were from .	toxic
fucking love bounty , just moved to the netherlands and had one for the first time .	toxic
deer can be aggressive as fuck then .	toxic
look , i 'll be frank i think he meant fuck .	toxic
i can if you want me to just for shits and giggles lol	toxic
does anyone else really fucking hate the fbi ?	toxic
fucks sake , r worldnews should be removed from the default list the same way r technology was removed .	toxic
and you think the democrats give a shit ?	toxic
they 're pretty good at dropping those shitty ass barrel bombs on anything near a target tho	toxic
is such a human pile of shit i 'm just going to leave this here en	toxic
just fine the shit out of her and maker clean it up .	toxic
no one fucks with the motherfucking snakes .	toxic
the moment z shit himself and had to have a bathroom break to throw out his draws	toxic
his cunt wife said he 'd drop out of politics if he didn 't win 67 .	toxic
how are you allowed to be a mod and post this useless boring shit ?	toxic
both places are shit holes .	toxic
what a vivid imagination ! enjoy your shit life	toxic
this thread is fucking disgusting and rife with hypocrisy .	toxic
this shit just pisses me off .	toxic
no no he 's a cunt ! can 't you read ! ?	toxic
what the fuck happened to ebola anyway ?	toxic
holy fuck , i am dumber from reading this .	toxic
one common friend wtf man , how does this shit happen .	toxic
he 's just a pathetic contrarian son of a bitch .	toxic
fuck hoverboards , we 'd have vacations to the moon by now .	toxic
you can go fuck yourself and get some empathy	toxic
people make such a big fuss about that shit but i swear it rates identical	toxic
nick clegg is too much of a bitch to speak out against any of cameron 's decisions .	toxic
generally speaking its not a concern to give a shit about the future if you 're getting paid millions now	toxic
funny shit is that saakashvili is right now 11 tv .	toxic
that was the corniest fucking thing ever , but fuck it , have an upvote	toxic
fuck given the chance i would of killed those pieces of shit .	toxic
that 's like one m&amp m placed delicately into a steaming pile of shit .	toxic
bully boy is worried that it could get its ass beat .	toxic
like this status or we torpedo your ass .	toxic
who gives a fuck what iranian government idiots think ?	toxic
to be fair , the lapd are total fucking idiots .	toxic
com she is a piece of shit and deserves all the backlash she is getting from this .	toxic
pretty sure the tribal council is pretty fucking far from having access to nuclear weapons .	toxic
that 's when you know we 're fucked .	toxic
stop blowing things out of fucking proportion .	toxic
war on drugs my ass , this is war on people .	toxic
lol she has no fucking chance .	toxic
corporate australia should stop being greedy fucks	toxic
it 's not your fault scott 's a dick .	toxic
once the chinese construction bubble bursts we 're in for some shit .	toxic
hooray for imposing your religious shit onto other people !	toxic
"i 'll take "" shit they should have done 29 years ago "" for 29 alex ."	toxic
both sides are cunts at this point .	toxic
sounds like an advertisement for shit - eating shrimp listening equipment	toxic
not fucking iceland thats for sure .	toxic
""" yeah , they 're cunts , what about it ?"	toxic
they 're more full of shit than he is .	toxic
lee was alive today , this shit wouldnt be going on .	toxic
i 'm upset by how fucking moronic you are haha	toxic
richardson was pretty corrupt and did this sort of shit all the time .	toxic
how about you stop slinging shit and contribute to the fucking conversation instead .	toxic
it 's ridiculous that the guy above would compare dick cheny to goebbels .	toxic
like seriously , what an ignorant cunt .	toxic
bottom 96 doesn 't do shit ?	toxic
don 't give her a pussy pass .	toxic
and to blow money on dick waving projects .	toxic
im also guessing you 're full of shit cause this is the internet .	toxic
its not like he can fucking read what it say .	toxic
run on a treadmill and do shit around the house for fucks sakes .	toxic
you 're full of shit , and should feel bad for lying .	toxic
the kurds , in general , seem like a people that kind of have their shit together .	toxic
toss that out the fucking window because we don 't need that parasitic shit .	toxic
or do both just want to fuck each other up with zero fucks given about ukraine ?	toxic
modern typography holy shit , breaking the bank with this one !	toxic
you actually made the puerto ricans , cubans and mexicans agree on something trump is full of shit .	toxic
kids love that yolo shit .	toxic
why do schools continue to do this shit when a family has already successfully sued for a similar situation ?	toxic
wait , i fucked it up .	toxic
no one is going to give a shit by that time .	toxic
if misinformation is allowing ignorance to produce tranquility , then fuck it .	toxic
nah were fine , our kids and grandkids are fucked .	toxic
dont talk shit about my maryland ! i live in the same county and state .	toxic
even as a sanders supporter this shit is obnoxious , but the paul action was a stunt too .	toxic
"this shit is not "" free speech "" it is violence and intimidation ."	toxic
no way did moses read all that shit .	toxic
too bad toronto stopped calling itself york , that would 've been really fucked up .	toxic
org which is why we have a completely broke - ass system .	toxic
bernie sanders speaks the fuckin truth .	toxic
if you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt as fuck	toxic
but keep believing made up shit , idiot .	toxic
but who fucking knows , not me .	toxic
well that 's a bit shit .	toxic
seriously , does your asshole get jealous of your mouth for all the shit that comes out of it ?	toxic
why the fuck are a lot of these comments defending this guy ?	toxic
how much more fucking editorial can you get ?	toxic
because you don 't give a fuck .	toxic
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to fucking murdoch 's bullshit "" news """	toxic
yeah , you fuckin try signing up for that shit .	toxic
well who the fuck knows ?	toxic
pork chops are the shit , if you can cook them correctly .	toxic
fuck off you have no right to lecture me on dictation or grammar .	toxic
but think of it this way now the ass hole has to live in pakistan instead of canada .	toxic
it 's seems like if they did , a lot of pieces of shit would get killed in it .	toxic
fuck black friday ! ! it 's all about small business saturday , whoop whoop ! !	toxic
why don 't you look into the absolute shit that comes out of the kremlin .	toxic
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from stupid shit like possession and shop - lifting .	toxic
one hour to go ! shit 's about to get real .	toxic
we are just now seeing this shit in real time .	toxic
no one outside of texas gives a shit about texas .	toxic
""" boom , new transmission time ! fuck you"	toxic
you don 't deserve an income for sitting on your ass .	toxic
go suck his dick some more .	toxic
some fucking bullshit , is what it is .	toxic
we all dont know why it actually happened and thinking that it just was a fucking betrayal .	toxic
the guy cannot sing any more he 's fucking old man , leave it be ! !	toxic
even if none of the bros present have any idea what the fuck they are looking at .	toxic
* the severance package is pretty shit , but at least you get some head out of it	toxic
chechenya and all the shit happened there started with him en	toxic
religion of fucking peace alright .	toxic
you shouldn 't call your mother a bitch .	toxic
if not you need to gtfo of where ever you live because that shits dumb	toxic
that is , if the boomers move the fuck off of the positions we need to move up into .	toxic
what is this , fucking korea ?	toxic
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , the fuck was he thinking ?	toxic
someone shot the fucking thing down , it 's not like a 79 has any counter measures .	toxic
fuck , that 's a legit useful compass though .	toxic
at this point , why don 't they just ban the fucking acid from personal use .	toxic
looks kind of beautiful and apocalyptic in a fucked up way .	toxic
what the literal fuck is 'fair play' in this context ?	toxic
colorado , why the fuck did you do this ?	toxic
why do you give a fuck ?	toxic
fuck i 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs .	toxic
i could be totally fucking wrong though .	toxic
such a backwards ass group of people .	toxic
give me a fucking break there is no excuse for that .	toxic
as per company policy , she was asked to go through a drug test what the fuck ?	toxic
fuck freedom of religion , my opinion is correct .	toxic
holy shit ! i butt posted on my phone , but i didnt realize until i got your comment .	toxic
oh god , the chemical weapons that will be made out of this is fucking terrifying to think about .	toxic
the mediterranean is a closed sea and enough shit has already been poured into it .	toxic
where the fuck is it then ?	toxic
we know we are being dicks on our loud motorcycles .	toxic
and put the money into the fucking medical and educational systems lol .	toxic
that is some fucked up shit man	toxic
nah , that shit will be boring to my grandkids .	toxic
they kill babies for profit while that was terrible as shit , that was also 76 years ago .	toxic
well turns out most of this shit was done by one party not the other .	toxic
wow the irony here is fucking perfect	toxic
how on earth pakistan has fucked things up with their iranian relations is just sad .	toxic
because there 's such a widespread giving of fucks by everyone else ?	toxic
what the fuck do people still use ivory for ?	toxic
reddit is not a venue for you to put your fucking business in the world 's face .	toxic
why do they fucking care who buys drugs	toxic
don 't trust a fucking word these people say .	toxic
sup reporting this same fucking article every three hours .	toxic
but let 's be sensationalist little cunts and say they 're letting the terrorists win .	toxic
i 'd be happy if a software patent just required * publishing the fucking source code * .	toxic
been sandwiched between germans and russians for too fucking long .	toxic
take care of your own fucking family .	toxic
this has been the weirdest fucking story to follow	toxic
i 've seen some outrageous prices for run down pieces of shit	toxic
who cares because minimum wage raised ! their qualifications mean fuck all now .	toxic
my mom would lose her shit when i would do this .	toxic
why the fuck is this getting upvoted ?	toxic
holy shit , don 't do 75 mg .	toxic
it 's pretty fucking convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class .	toxic
so fucking different , thanks for pointing that out	toxic
you don 't fuck with a $20bn a year company and stay around long .	toxic
i 've seen a metric ton of awful shit on reddit but this story hit hard for some reason .	toxic
"i wouldn 't give a shit if my county was like "" no weed "" ."	toxic
* and i have fucking insurance * .	toxic
he was only twenty fucking years old .	toxic
this isn 't a fucking business deal .	toxic
so to believe that government services are generally shit is to automatically be a shill for billionaires ?	toxic
kim jong un really is the shit these days .	toxic
the uk fucked up the middle east	toxic
it will be a great day when these pieces of shit drop dead .	toxic
do you have a yamaka on when said shitting occurs ?	toxic
damn it ! i haven 't killed anyone yet !	toxic
they are delicious but they cut the fuck outta the top of your mouth .	toxic
probably because the local police aren 't going to do shit .	toxic
he 's gonna be announcing that shit forever .	toxic
they 'll be replaced by all new old - as - fuck politicians .	toxic
it does effect preparedness , if you have no fema money for shelters shit gets bad .	toxic
i remember a time when cops were not total pussies .	toxic
i don 't know why but this comment made me shit bricks	toxic
he would know , since ex - presidents came out during his administration to say he was fucking up .	toxic
there 's always an excuse to be godly by shitting on the less fortunate , and yourself .	toxic
putler dick riders will come out in force and putler apologists not that far behind .	toxic
fuck that video gives me the chills .	toxic
and police make up shit all the time when it comes down to civillians .	toxic
oh wait , russia did not pay jack shit to poland .	toxic
so sad nobody boycotts this shit .	toxic
i get downvoted to shit every time i say that , so godspeed , lil' tindel .	toxic
props to him for sources and knowing his shit !	toxic
but how the fuck are you going to have a president then ?	toxic
we need some minority report shit up in here .	toxic
people pilgrimage thousands of miles to get shitfaced drunk and fuck strippers in las vegas .	toxic
because governor cuomo doesn 't give a fuck about your ailments .	toxic
who the hell thinks this makes any fucking sense whatsoever ?	toxic
community standards are a bunch of shit .	toxic
they did hit the people who fucked up the safety though .	toxic
sit back in your fucking computer chair and continue to talk shit about things you have no idea about .	toxic
you think you 're fucking funny huh ?	toxic
it 's not a fucking multivitamin .	toxic
what am i saying , it 's fucking australia , of course there 's scary animals .	toxic
what the fuck is secret court ?	toxic
we know we fucked up .	toxic
they have the same fucking weapons as the military .	toxic
calm the fuck down and stop spreading panic .	toxic
didn 't this cunt used to be a doctor ?	toxic
oh fuck it made me laugh that everything is still there .	toxic
becomes * fucking typo in the title |	toxic
fuck it im creating a lobby or cheap fiber isp	toxic
even if he was too retarded to realize it .	toxic
if they don 't want my support then fuck off .	toxic
fuck all of you and the people who steal from the true creatives .	toxic
and our leaders politicians media are generally too pussy to point it out .	toxic
"you clearly don 't pay attention to american politics and fuck you cunt """	toxic
you mean when the orc lost their shit in the original bit of lore ?	toxic
then you might want to keep that shit to yourself and just tell people you went to itt .	toxic
am i the only one here who doesn 't have a fucking ipad ?	toxic
why this shit is still not banned here ?	toxic
this entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start shit .	toxic
why the fuck are we wasting our money on pakistan ?	toxic
how could you fuck that up ?	toxic
gunshots on the capitol building steps is big fucking news , sorry .	toxic
maybe if these liberals socialist stopped trying to tax the fuck out of business owner they would create jobs .	toxic
how the fuck can a college kid afford a $350 belt ?	toxic
as for drugs like meth and shit ?	toxic
we 're like a bunch of hungry hungry hippos up in this bitch .	toxic
no , fuck term limits above money out of politics .	toxic
yeah , it 's not like women are disproportionately fucked over in africa or anything .	toxic
russia got their shit together militarily though , and defense is way easier than offense .	toxic
why the fuck are they still on paper files that can be thrown out ?	toxic
even when he 's right , who gives a shit ?	toxic
he 's been a piece of shit ever since he was elected the first time .	toxic
how the fuck did this masochistic crap get so popular , i 'll never know .	toxic
space is its own race , bitches !	toxic
that 's fucking disgusting to use someone 's death as an excuse to use their services .	toxic
! a shark ate me , a fucking shark ate me !	toxic
as an israeli i can accept fatah but fuck hamas	toxic
why doesn 't turkey do the fucking airstrikes ?	toxic
water ? never touched the stuff , fish fuck in it .	toxic
fuck you , it 's really cold in this water .	toxic
so uncommon it should be a fucking superpower .	toxic
this is fucking annoying now .	toxic
why doesn 't that shit happen to me ?	toxic
people can and will abuse this shit .	toxic
i moved to california for a year last year and was homeless cause shit happens .	toxic
we are not evil fucks who want to outlaw religion .	toxic
even though it 's shit news hopefully more and more people will become aware of the issue .	toxic
not happening in a million fucking years .	toxic
why should his people have to suffer for what their piece of shit dictator does ?	toxic
funny how they can see that shit in other people but not themselves .	toxic
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications , now that shit is wrong .	toxic
i 'm wondering if there 's some weird pedo shit going on that he was involved in .	toxic
fuck what position you hold in government .	toxic
fuckin' dirty russians gettin' me all exited n shit like that	toxic
am i the only one that doesnt give two shits about this movie ?	toxic
fuck me that movie was bad .	toxic
"what the fuck are you gonna do about it ? """	toxic
if a fuckin' seth rogen movie starts ww3 i 'm going to be very upset .	toxic
whatever the fuck they are even talking about with that .	toxic
that 's the free market , bitches .	toxic
why the hell did you reelect this ass hat .	toxic
who am i kidding egypt dosnet give a fuck about them .	toxic
that 's a big fuck you to those states right to choose which relationships it finds important ?	toxic
this is exactly why politics is so fucked .	toxic
take some ownership of it and don 't let put your personal shit on the interwebs .	toxic
why the fuck didn 't you learn to code when you were at ucla ?	toxic
scene safety if the scene doesn 't look safe , get the fuck outta there .	toxic
fuck , jewish people admit it .	toxic
"and if you were planning "" don 't eat meat "" , i invite you to fuck right off ."	toxic
or possibly they 're just talking out of their ass .	toxic
lol no it doesn 't you lying shit .	toxic
he murdered 27 innocent people , who gives a shit what his motivations were ?	toxic
are you implying a failed space mission means shit manufacturing nationwide ?	toxic
turkey has fallen so far , it 's pretty fucked up .	toxic
what the fuck is therapeutic circumcision	toxic
holy shit whats the reasoning for 28 + upvotes people ?	toxic
shit 's going to really hit the fan sometime in the future .	toxic
just fix the fucking problem and every problem that allowed it to happen in the first place .	toxic
obama has only tried to clean up the shit that dubya started .	toxic
don 't fuck around with that stuff , buy some real noodles and sauce .	toxic
the fuck is wrong with the catholic clergy ?	toxic
why has europe become extra retarded recently ?	toxic
holy shit , it 's so unoriginal now .	toxic
i figured people might care but apparently nobody gives a shit about him anymore .	toxic
the pirate bay goes down all the fucking time .	toxic
i don 't think that that cunt would have been a registered organ donor .	toxic
he is not some random kid who made a website , he is a fucking drug lord .	toxic
and shit , even though i disagree with her she was at least presenting an argument .	toxic
well , i hear at least two of those groups are pretty good at fucking the locals .	toxic
run * damn it get the lyrics right if you 're quoting the queen b bitch .	toxic
man , that shit is bloody dangerous .	toxic
oh and all that shit fast food those poor people are eating ?	toxic
you bet yo ass they would lol .	toxic
fly me to the moon like that bitch alice kramden !	toxic
shit ! where is all our money ?	toxic
he also doesn 't pay for shit .	toxic
i am still kind of bitter about that shit .	toxic
and the rest of europe does not approve of this shit .	toxic
not everyone can or will be as dedicated to your fucking shit as you are , so chill out .	toxic
where the fuck did you get that from ? ?	toxic
"read the headline and my only reaction was , "" fuck , again ? ? ? ? """	toxic
same shit happens every time a riot occurs .	toxic
holy shit , a nuanced opinion based in fact .	toxic
in a nutshell , it is typesetting and fucking fonts .	toxic
all because fuck the police .	toxic
they have totally fucking failed as parents .	toxic
fuck the regulations a fix the problem at any cost .	toxic
i 'm sorry for the retard that downvoted you .	toxic
like really , what the fuck was i thinking .	toxic
islam came quite a bit after babylon and egypt had gone to shit .	toxic
charging him with assault is fucking ludicrous .	toxic
they exist for shit like this .	toxic
* how to embed fonts in fucking microsoft word documents .	toxic
oh here we go with knowledge n shit	toxic
but if you 're not paid for those holidays , you get to fuck your employer in the ass .	toxic
that shits happening now i guess .	toxic
what the fuck you on about ?	toxic
well it came fresh out his ass , so i don 't see how it could be wrong .	toxic
it can 't be * that * fucking hard .	toxic
can some ugly fat bitch buy me gold too ?	toxic
dude is tony fucking stark .	toxic
a whole lot of fucking good that did .	toxic
oh for fucks' sake , grow up .	toxic
how the fuck did this guy get elected ?	toxic
all the people talking shit about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81	toxic
this shit doesn 't happen in most third world countries .	toxic
if you don 't need my money then tell the irs to fuck off , ok ?	toxic
holy shit , you are missing the whole point .	toxic
one percent isn 't really shit .	toxic
that 's some og shit right there	toxic
"why the fuck should i care about some christians being "" persecuted "" ?"	toxic
they 're still stealing your shit .	toxic
am i the only one who doesn 't give a shit ?	toxic
fuck vacations , ill just lock myself in my room	toxic
it was * a fucking joke * .	toxic
hamas alone can 't even get their shit together to be 'one side'	toxic
we 've almost completely fucked everything up and we aren 't half as crazy as these people .	toxic
it 's the fucking dutch , their greatest enemy at the moment is the north sea .	toxic
and russia is repeatedly smacking the ukraine with its dick	toxic
well people need to specify that shit .	toxic
bible #1 and all that shit .	toxic
time for the us to wake the fuck up and work with assad to defeat these scumbags .	toxic
this man fucks ! am i right ? !	toxic
better to supply your adversary with weapons than be a pussy i say .	toxic
i have a bmw and i fucking love it	toxic
and they have pictures of some of these 'pussy - assed' faces .	toxic
why don 't they go disarm the fucking cartels instead ?	toxic
shit did i say rockets ?	toxic
it 's the good shit , man .	toxic
fucking super awesome , let 's keep meandering on this road to hell .	toxic
shit ! that 's been their plan all along !	toxic
this repeals the pre - existing conditions ban , fuck that shit .	toxic
"a "" top economist "" should be wiping his ass with greenbacks ."	toxic
i would even save your sorry ass if you were drowning .	toxic
might be surprised if they keep shit up like this .	toxic
what the fuck does where they died have to do with his point ?	toxic
oh shit if pearl jam is taking a stand then we 'd better do something .	toxic
then cnn licensed that shit out to cbc .	toxic
nobody fucks with you after that .	toxic
being first nations in canada is like winning the fucking lottery .	toxic
fuck if i know since i did it back in 69	toxic
fuck that , just grab some xboxes and a stash of dew .	toxic
he 's not a fucking moron .	toxic
most people have to pay up the ass for tv &amp internet .	toxic
they are the people losing money here , so fuck em	toxic
the bully , the kid with the braces , had a little bitch hanger - on .	toxic
he was the only one running that wasn 't out to fuck me over .	toxic
i get where they 're coming from , but prison is prison , not a fucking luxury hotel .	toxic
who the fuck loots a family dollar ?	toxic
nz aint going to do shit about it .	toxic
however all of it is completely fucked up and it needs to be stopped .	toxic
hopefully that shit is appealable though .	toxic
fuck yes ! third eyes open boys !	toxic
every single fucking group can 't be covered by anything .	toxic
a pussy quite a compelling argument , mr	toxic
because the nsa doesnt give a shit about drugs , or really anything other than amassing power .	toxic
this immigration shit is gonna explode in europe in like 54 years .	toxic
well for one spell check corrected it and who gives a shit about a period ?	toxic
someone needs to go nuremberg on his ass .	toxic
because freedom of speech , bitch .	toxic
no bat shit crazy animal rights activists here to complain ?	toxic
like they give a fuck what happens on the steps of their building .	toxic
do u remember the shit that saddam used to do to the kurds ?	toxic
that 's an under statement - he pulled out her stomach through her ass while her children watched	toxic
why do you think no one gives a shit ?	toxic
often at work i gotta shit pretty bad during a stressful help desk call .	toxic
they found the fucking plane get ready for a full week of wall to wall cnn coverage	toxic
"i don 't understand , reddit usually bitches about women getting "" the pussy pass "" ."	toxic
hitler was a pussy who shot himself hiding in a bunker underground like a little bitch that he was .	toxic
fuck them , how dare they !	toxic
this makes me so fucking angry .	toxic
if he 's working to end institutional racism i don 't give a shit .	toxic
why isn 't this on the fucking front page ?	toxic
i seem to have supremely fucked up .	toxic
shit , we all break the laws of leviticus everyday .	toxic
so any report that doesn 't suck russia 's dick is shitting on them ?	toxic
and folding paper shit in to birds .	toxic
stop trying to shit on russia every chance you guys get .	toxic
how not to get your ass kicked by the police ! youtube	toxic
and i hear my mother is fucked regularly .	toxic
thou shalt not talk shit about ancient imaginary dudes .	toxic
just take the fucking upvote .	toxic
you 're all wrong , it 's fucking pretty hard .	toxic
wow , what the fuck happened to hersh ?	toxic
where the fuck are the un inspectors ?	toxic
i was definitely serious , what the fuck is this ?	toxic
bbc shouldn 't give two shits about ferguson besides highlights .	toxic
a pig fucking cop would .	toxic
who gives a shit about karma ?	toxic
i bitch in real life too .	toxic
i 'm more alert than most people , and i see shit way before other people .	toxic
he sounds like a pussy .	toxic
charge the person who passed this shit law with a felony .	toxic
yeah , lets not fucking be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .	toxic
shit is crazy expensive depending on what you 're talking about , it is and it isn 't .	toxic
holy fuck , you 're bring my world crashing down on me .	toxic
it doesn 't fucking matter , either way you can 't get within 18 m of the crash .	toxic
what the fuck ever happened to proper discretion ?	toxic
doesn 't the un realize yet that nobody gives a fuck what it says ?	toxic
this shits actually pretty funny .	toxic
hornets were op as fuck in that game .	toxic
germany doesn 't take shit from any group that misbehaves .	toxic
man we treat our water like shit .	toxic
i don 't know , reshashing the same joke over and over again is pretty retarded still .	toxic
nothing says shits going down like a ghetto bird overhead .	toxic
fire her ass or she can look for another job	toxic
nah , that would be dick in	toxic
that 's when the shit really hits the fan .	toxic
no fucks were given by this one resources3	toxic
shit , we can 't even keep ants out of our goddamn houses .	toxic
"org "" there 's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random shit like this ."	toxic
we cant blame them for being hit by a fucking missile though .	toxic
russia says a lot of shit right now , it 's part of their hybrid war strategy .	toxic
""" oh , you can 't afford shit ?"	toxic
who the fuck invests in any of his ventures ?	toxic
what the fuck is getting the cops so trigger happy ? training ? management ?	toxic
so uh , this article is annoying as fuck as it doesn 't actually list the products to avoid .	toxic
com i 'm not sure , but it still seems like shit is going down .	toxic
you think being a dick to me helps your cause ?	toxic
and one dude that got a ton of pussy .	toxic
research the subject before you have a bitch fit about whites .	toxic
they don 't give a shit about animals .	toxic
don 't fuck around with electricity and your brain - simply take more vitamin b6 lucidallnight	toxic
thank fucking christ there 's an amendment to prevent that .	toxic
they should put that condescending bitch right in the middle of syria and let her continue her interview .	toxic
it is easy being judgmental from the comfort of your ass behind a computer screen .	toxic
how in the fuck did bird flu get to antarctica .	toxic
i think you should keep your o 's to yourself you self - serving fuck	toxic
"yea something like "" surgeon general said that an apple a day or some shit"	toxic
how the fuck is this bullshit getting upvotes ?	toxic
yeah , knowingly fucking over your customers is really gonna end well in the long run .	toxic
insults and crude comments are not a reason to doxx people and fuck up their lives .	toxic
economy only went to shit in the 15 's after politics got in the way .	toxic
plenty of them are fucking cowards .	toxic
for - ever youthful till you 'r really old and shit , damn	toxic
that shit will be logged , analyzed , and used against you in a court of law .	toxic
not the most technically accurate term , but its shit straight out of huxley and orwell .	toxic
that 's not suicide , i don 't know what the fuck that is .	toxic
why the fuck you guys haven 't stormed parliament is beyond me .	toxic
or just spilling shit from the safety of your couch ?	toxic
not sure what the fuck i 'm paying for each month .	toxic
fuck this giant string of nonsense .	toxic
you wouldnt believe the shit ive seen .	toxic
africa was in the modern world during apartheid , as fucked as that is .	toxic
but no teen should rot in jail forever for some stupid shit they got into in their youth .	toxic
he was stupid but shit went too far and he went all crazy .	toxic
maybe that little shit shouldn 't have been walking around a park with a fake gun	toxic
that 's how pussies without flamethrowers think .	toxic
i think it 's more likely he doesn 't give a shit .	toxic
obama won that shit ? please .	toxic
who gives a shit what some crazy asshole in georgia did ?	toxic
holy shit , this guy makes kevin de len youtube .	toxic
just terminated my contract with comcast and returned their shit .	toxic
holy shit just release them all at the same time .	toxic
it 'll just about never get to that point , stop being a pussy .	toxic
and fucking corbett has sworn to veto it even if it does pass .	toxic
and exxon still won 't do shit about it .	toxic
getting their shit together to use as fertilizer for their potato farms .	toxic
except for the fact that is not a fact and you are talking out your ass .	toxic
i now resent my dogs ass hole everytime i go to buy poop bags .	toxic
they are the ones that completely fucked up africa and the middle east .	toxic
this shit is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists .	toxic
not having proper banking for almost three weeks now is just shit .	toxic
i mean , have you * heard * the lyrics to his shit ?	toxic
the older folks here have their religious heads way too far up their asses .	toxic
they aren 't doing it just to fuck with you .	toxic
republicans just have the fucking thing removed .	toxic
how the fuck can a school president be paid over 40 k a year ?	toxic
shit , we better pack our bags huh	toxic
yeah because people here give a shit about legality .	toxic
where the fuck is captain planet ?	toxic
musk doesn 't give a shit , though .	toxic
"yeah , they could say "" shit happens ."	toxic
guns are not banned in germany what the fuck .	toxic
police can still take your shit without charging you with a crime .	toxic
come back to bite them in the ass .	toxic
what the fuck is expected ?	toxic
you think the us gave a rat 's ass about kosovo ?	toxic
"meanwhile , republicans say shit like "" legitimate rape "" ."	toxic
""" will you fuck off for $10 ? $20 ? $21"	toxic
or people who don 't want to get fucking ebola	toxic
krugman is the biggest ass and the laughing stock of economists .	toxic
i bet he was shit .	toxic
we try to be informed and inform , anger , first , is the source of all this shit .	toxic
the average price in the us does it include fucking 92 .	toxic
""" i got called a fucking asshole six times today because of you , dickhead ."	toxic
"are you talking shit about "" v "" , man ? !"	toxic
there 's a bunch of other shit mixed in there that isn 't tanks .	toxic
this took me a second but fuck , spot on .	toxic
more like need a fucking job .	toxic
maybe i 'll go to st petersburg next week before things go to shit .	toxic
at one moment , i will probably read it as fuck .	toxic
this is that shit right here !	toxic
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want fucking facts .	toxic
i just can 't fucking comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily .	toxic
sean hannity and bill o 'reilly are going to shit themselves over this	toxic
seriously , the cop looks like he 's in a fucking bar fight .	toxic
good , hes a fucking terrorist	toxic
vice just went full - retard .	toxic
fuck dude , i 'm subbed to r gore and i even found this gut wrenching	toxic
this piece of shit lied about saving his nephew and admitted it .	toxic
holy shit , not a good year for malaysian airlines .	toxic
"around my parts , a 16 round magazine or a fucking flash suppressor makes a gun "" illegal "" ."	toxic
someone who knows the guy get him on this shit .	toxic
lmao ! you 're fucking box office !	toxic
unless you 've got one of those rapidly evolving types that does shit on their own .	toxic
go fuck yourself if you think flipping a burger should earn you more money than that .	toxic
send them to guantanamo , no ones gives a shit about international laws over there .	toxic
dons hussar wings , fuck yeah .	toxic
are you fucking kidding me dude ?	toxic
wait , they managed to escape after that ? holy shit	toxic
co2 doesn 't cause smog , so as usual , obama is full of shit .	toxic
so fuck you for equating the two .	toxic
86 a hour , these people are entitled bitches .	toxic
i 'm a russian social media user , and i dont give two shits .	toxic
it will fix some fuck it , most of it .	toxic
syg is a shit law .	toxic
how fucking retarded is reddit ?	toxic
but that 's just me using logic and shit .	toxic
instead of a centrally run economy in which everyone except the political elite is shit poor see soviet union .	toxic
it 's a pr move , they 'll tell you acid burned women fucked up by not covering enough .	toxic
id argue democrats are fucking idiots but i acknowledge that not all democrats are bad .	toxic
there 's still plenty of time for them to fuck this up .	toxic
se he got a lot flak for that , but yeah , it was pretty fucked .	toxic
first bulgaria tells them to fuck off , and now moldova is .	toxic
i 'm going to take my stoned ass over to southparkstudios .	toxic
large corporations get fucked too .	toxic
that son of a bitch , crazy as he is , he 's got it all figured out .	toxic
eventually the religion will win and fuck things up .	toxic
i 'm fucking glad everyone is so outraged by it .	toxic
no please do , people need to be reminded of how much of a shit heel ron paul is .	toxic
and don 't think i 'm talking out of my ass because i played ultimate for several years .	toxic
your shitting me , right ? democratify .	toxic
23 % stock value losses overnight , even before the shit hits the fan .	toxic
you wouldn 't know a leftist if he bit you on the ass .	toxic
australia voted him in * in a fucking landslide * just last year	toxic
the dude oh , shit , man .	toxic
not trying to be a dick , cause i agree with you .	toxic
same goes for those fucking ants .	toxic
jesus fucking christ , those fuckers need more than 48 years .	toxic
cause democrats don 't fucking vote .	toxic
i understand that and it makes me angry ! it just looks like shit .	toxic
feminism keeps jumping the fucking shark .	toxic
spicejet b738 at surat gujarat on nov 1 th 1 , rejected takeoff after buffalo strike well shit .	toxic
as a still not atheist i must say i give not even a flying shit about what you said .	toxic
why the fuck are japanese compelled to eat whales ?	toxic
forget about that macho shit and learn how to play qatar	toxic
yea it seems like a huge shit fest over there	toxic
we tell you just how bad you 're being fucked , .	toxic
they 'd waste no time in inventing other bogus shit to prosecute people for .	toxic
macho man would snap into a piece of his ass .	toxic
these things just fucking grow on trees now dont they ?	toxic
nobody gives a fuck about iran .	toxic
he 's obviously saying that her lipstick is too fucking red .	toxic
""" such a shit word for a journalist or someone trying to be one ."	toxic
what kind of cunt boos a guy at a funeral ?	toxic
the service industry is fucked .	toxic
are you implying the cops are pussies - - thus they fired out of legitimate fear for their safety ?	toxic
follow the rule set by those before you don 't stick your dick in crazy .	toxic
my first reaction hahahaha my second reaction fuck .	toxic
because the eu 's csdp is a fucking joke .	toxic
denmark is not the eu , they eu won 't be involved because of fucking denmark .	toxic
that is some serious denial shit right there .	toxic
the priorities of our species is fucked .	toxic
but see palin has principles , morals and ethics so that means your theory is completely fucked .	toxic
throw enough shit against a wall , and something is gonna stick .	toxic
fuck off with that divisive propaganda .	toxic
but fuck wal - mart ! come on guys , someone else get mad with me !	toxic
this is such a retarded post .	toxic
""" fuck yes he 's a liberal senator and goddamn proud of it ! """	toxic
considering all the shit the us had done to them that 's really no surprise .	toxic
for fucks sake its * one * relatively minor rule .	toxic
it means that the person in charge gets second - guessed by every clever little twat with a mouth .	toxic
don 't start shit and you won 't have to deal with it	toxic
because they are pussies , weak girly pussies .	toxic
hey retard , obama promised you can keep your existing health insurance and doctors .	toxic
yeah , fuck the guy that fixed california .	toxic
they might have been crazy too but ramsay was a twat	toxic
it 's amazing how hard the uk government is shitting the best these past couple years .	toxic
i 'm not doing shit friday cept smokin some herb and watching movies .	toxic
if so , that 's fucked up .	toxic
he should man the fuck up .	toxic
mufuckin benadryl , blocking h1 histamine receptors up in this bitch !	toxic
that looks staged and green - screened as shit .	toxic
why is every map of us military bases so fucking incorrect ?	toxic
that country is a fucking shit hole .	toxic
all kinds of crazy shit happens when the u	toxic
wow that is a shit ton of cops behind the mob in oakland	toxic
the problem is that there aren 't many shit jobs available anyway .	toxic
get the fuck off of reddit and go collect your guvmint check for working for the nsa .	toxic
just because donald is a sexist ass doesn 't make it true .	toxic
fucked up world we 're living in .	toxic
you could replace all that shit by going to a gun store and a jeweler .	toxic
""" i 'm tired of your motherfucking troops in mother fucking crimea ! """	toxic
unfortunately , shit rags sell ads like hotcakes so they could easily be worth over $100m .	toxic
maybe they wanted the fucking money ? mondoweiss	toxic
"he has ascended beyond a mere "" cunt "" ."	toxic
no one likes being filmed doing illegal shit , unless they 're stupid .	toxic
fucking scholarly wit , you are .	toxic
men who buy children for sex , cause sex trafficking .	toxic
you might not claim it was you if your hijackers fucked up and didn 't get the job done .	toxic
i don 't care about the nsa and i do shit wrong all the time .	toxic
they just care about being better off than others and this leads to nasty evil shit .	toxic
they posted an apology to john gilligan for using his body in the article , which is fucking hilarious .	toxic
lol you clearly don 't know shit about drugs	toxic
fucking sports parent are the worse .	toxic
son of a bitch is just violent .	toxic
you 're a lying stupid piece of shit .	toxic
the vast majority of europeans don 't give a shit about any religion , let alone bonkers fundamentalist stuff .	toxic
i 'm all for gun rights , but give me a fucking break .	toxic
the right to take pics of our dick .	toxic
"in mondern justice system , judgements are the measurment of "" known fuck ups "" ."	toxic
africa is gray , its ground water is grayer fuck all the arsenic let 's listen to slayer !	toxic
i know plenty of irish women that would kick the shit out of you for that lip .	toxic
i 'm just tired of getting fucked by two kochs and a boehner .	toxic
fuck man that suxxer had less of a punishment than my mom did to me .	toxic
"what do i get when your "" guarantee "" falls flat on its ass ?"	toxic
they are to pussy lel .	toxic
you mean they weren 't already fucked ?	toxic
? get that shit out of here lol	toxic
holy shit , what happened in the 27 's ?	toxic
holy shit some of you guys are delusional as fuck lmao	toxic
what the fuck did you think would happen ?	toxic
well shit , has the old man committed a crime ? no ?	toxic
where the fuck is council at , string ?	toxic
this type of shit always happens to me	toxic
where the fuck was this obama when the democrats controlled congress .	toxic
for example one cares about climate change and the other one doesn 't give two fucks .	toxic
my wife is polish , they have some hot ass women .	toxic
"stop trying to compare this shit to "" papers please ."	toxic
""" oh i 'm from a european nation that isn 't doing shit for the world ."	toxic
i swear to god if we go to war with north korea because of a fucking movie .	toxic
and nobody gives a fuck .	toxic
yeah just post the shit .	toxic
so that 95 % is still getting fucked	toxic
leave this shit at home .	toxic
they will simply tell the recognition system to look for these weird ass fucking faces and investigate them in person	toxic
who will save your ass then ?	toxic
you 're a fucking idiot too .	toxic
i live in south carolina , and i saw that shit on tv plenty .	toxic
i stopped running with them years ago and it 's probably saved my ass a couple of times .	toxic
they fucking arranged with the city to protest .	toxic
also , holy shit this is in my hometown .	toxic
how the hell do you get upvoted for quoting the fucking article .	toxic
and if so , then this is fucked - up .	toxic
make sure i continue to get fucked at all stages of my career	toxic
thats a good buzz word to get shit done .	toxic
how fucking awesome would that be ?	toxic
you 've gotta wonder who he pissed off recently to have all this shit 'leak'	toxic
dissolve police unions ! if walmart workers can 't unionize , why the fuck can police ?	toxic
does nobody here actually read the fucking article ?	toxic
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like shit this isn 't good	toxic
also , you 're really fucking paranoid .	toxic
i 'd like to see them try that shit with russia	toxic
unrecoverable my ass , nothing on an iphone is unrecoverable .	toxic
this shit makes me feel so helpless .	toxic
"i 'm baffled why anyone would give a shit what michelle "" coat tail rider "" obama thinks ."	toxic
there 's worse shit than that going on .	toxic
but people who do not give a shit about the environment are in the power .	toxic
we 'll get dragged in and end up cleaning this shit up once for all .	toxic
that 's just how fuck - all it means to be nominated .	toxic
fuckin' rebellious ! i like your style	toxic
"how the fuck is working in retail "" living the dream """	toxic
but you can shit in the bottle if you want to really skew that percentage .	toxic
fuck her colleagues that don 't give a fuck about her .	toxic
fucking lol the guy who posted this is bernie sanders .	toxic
fuck yeah ! , i always think of this kids in the hall sketch youtube	toxic
yeah , fuck terrorism , let 's support hezbollah !	toxic
put cameras * * on * * all fucking po * * lice off * * icers	toxic
what the fuck are we doing to each other just too much death and mayhem and not enough civilization .	toxic
well shit , my ex must be a serial killer then .	toxic
not even mexico would allow that shit when wal - mart tried it .	toxic
and who the fuck doesn 't love puppies ?	toxic
man , you don 't know shit about saudi arabia .	toxic
this justifies people running in and grabbing shit off the shelves and running out , no ?	toxic
it sickens me that this shit happens in a country that pretends its the best in the world .	toxic
well we are now thoroughly fucked .	toxic
once born they stop giving a shit	toxic
you don 't see men who fix sewer lines and deal with that shit everyday receiving medals .	toxic
who are these other terrorists threatening to fuck up your shit then ?	toxic
if only i could afford to move the fuck out of this shitty city .	toxic
plus kilts are really fucking warm ! they 're quite heavy	toxic
what 's up big mouth , can 't back up your shit talking ?	toxic
but mostly thats cause the boats are shit and your average person doesn 't know dick about sailing .	toxic
who the fuck gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor ?	toxic
yes , the person in montana is way more important to me than 3 rd world shit holes .	toxic
i would expect that from a bunch of candy - ass swedes , but never from norwegians .	toxic
yeah , bitches , i have a color printer .	toxic
it just seems like that place is fucking savage and filthy .	toxic
the last pope blessed an entire fucking fleet of ferraris .	toxic
no , you need ace dick to punch them in the snout .	toxic
then stop fucking the piss out and let it flow naturally .	toxic
fuck that game on veteran 12487127141 grenades thrown at you that detonate instantly is the problem	toxic
"i have said it before , and i 'll say it again , "" don 't fuck with canada ."	toxic
don 't start no shit , won 't be no shit .	toxic
as am i , but it really doesn 't make the previous times any less fucked up .	toxic
shit dude , in my city paid sick leave is mandatory .	toxic
and they already squatted to shit on their freedom .	toxic
what the fuck it wrong with this world .	toxic
the fucking first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space .	toxic
isis is an egyptian goddess , and she had that name centuries before these little shits came along .	toxic
thats not what i meant by shit work , and you still need schooling to become a plumber .	toxic
how the fuck does it happen to a kid from the west ?	toxic
fuck man very sorry to hear that	toxic
if i hadn 't put in 51 last week shit just wouldn 't have gotten done .	toxic
maybe you should learn your shit before posting idiotic things .	toxic
violent behavior in nam , holy shit , i hope he 's ok .	toxic
they had their chance at a decent closure during the last 3 fucking seasons .	toxic
praying is what started this shit .	toxic
just a * liiiittle * more heat , and shit 's gonna pop off .	toxic
obama inherited a bunch of this shit .	toxic
he must be a fool if he 's expecting turkey to save his ass from anything .	toxic
that seems pretty fucked up .	toxic
just answer the fucking question .	toxic
"and yet people scoff and shit on "" keynesian economics "" regularly ."	toxic
""" it 's a good story and thank you for posting , but please stop making shit up ."	toxic
why the fuck did you post it then ?	toxic
all i 'd ask for is 10 minutes to beat the shit out of them for being little shitbags	toxic
what the fuck is next edible forks ?	toxic
well no shit , it 's r worldnews	toxic
ya because we don 't sing it every fucking game right ?	toxic
that is why we are better than those shits .	toxic
how do you come up with this shit lol ?	toxic
it 's fucking depressing only hearing about death , corruption and celebrity scandals .	toxic
too fucking many of them on this website lately .	toxic
org it 's their fucking reserve force .	toxic
god made the coca plant and intended for me to snort that shit in my office before this hearing .	toxic
the tube is very efficient most days but outside of london public transport is a fucking joke .	toxic
this sick fuck and his poor wife lived two blocks from me when he was arrested .	toxic
ie you have no source and are fucking wrong .	toxic
which fucking assholes thought this was fake .	toxic
""" shit like this has always gone on ."	toxic
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn 't give a shit about it ?	toxic
reddit , can you be anymore shit ?	toxic
it wouldn 't take a fucking year .	toxic
you think if you take the moral high ground these people will learn and stop being dicks ? no .	toxic
you people believe that politicians really mean any of this shit ?	toxic
its fuckin mind blowing how people 's brains can 't process this .	toxic
shit , all they need to do is expel their kids from the british prep - schools they attend .	toxic
this shit , this shit right here , makes me not want to use a gas - powered vehicle .	toxic
""" they were fucking cousins "" first thing i focused on in your post ."	toxic
what the fuck is happening there .	toxic
he 's a real piece of shit	toxic
holy shit , i knew they were behind on so many levels but this .	toxic
ugh , god , why do you have to make this into such a fucking stereotype ?	toxic
oh shut the fuck up about bush already .	toxic
which is why the system is fucked .	toxic
who the fuck cares if they 're drilling again ?	toxic
vets can 't do anything other than fuck things up .	toxic
so i read the article that op posted and its confusing as fuck .	toxic
that 's some bert macklin shit right there .	toxic
"at what point does he give a "" fuck you "" speech and fires a bunch of them ?"	toxic
everyone 's saying it 's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this shit .	toxic
we can 't do shit to anyone and anyone doing shit to us is just wasting time .	toxic
"do you think you 're an "" ass "" for just assuming things ?"	toxic
nobody gives a shit what you think .	toxic
guess it beats being a thin fuck	toxic
get some fucking help or something .	toxic
""" your brain dead comment is exactly why people shit ."	toxic
i am aware of all that shit , was trying to be sarcastic	toxic
its 66 am and i want to sleep but fuck man i didnt want to see that .	toxic
it isn 't * my * fault your job pays like shit .	toxic
thanks to the fuck ton of rain we got .	toxic
why are people fleeing the police with shit in their hands all the time ?	toxic
hey fuck you , we mostly have clay .	toxic
holy shit this is amazing .	toxic
i 'm in osaka and it 's hot as shit .	toxic
now i can buy ass wipe ! .	toxic
nobody cares about your bitching though .	toxic
if you agree with wars aggression fuck you and your family .	toxic
yeah , thanks a fucking lot .	toxic
letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more shit .	toxic
oh yeah they duct taped some fuckin' kids to the mats , aaaaanywho	toxic
shit man , pass that joint	toxic
it sure as fuck isn 't going to do anything you don 't vote .	toxic
protip don 't fucking point guns at cops .	toxic
if you shoot for the moon and miss , you wasted a shit ton of taxpayers money .	toxic
yeah shit like that never ever happens in the usa	toxic
the whole system is shit .	toxic
tell him to shut his cunt mouth .	toxic
oil or pussy , our classic weaknesses .	toxic
one of your countrymen get the shit kicked out of him and you don 't care ?	toxic
^ wait , how the fuck do you pronounce muqdadiyah ? ? ?	toxic
all this shit proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long - term solution .	toxic
africa is corrupt as fuck and anyone could go and trophy hunt for the right price .	toxic
i have a joke for you what do you call something filled with hot air and shit ?	toxic
and he doesn 't know what the fuck 71 chan is ?	toxic
that kind of fucking langauge offends me !	toxic
i think the real controversy is closed minded school officials who lie to cover their asses .	toxic
they would still bitch and complain and make this to be something it 's not .	toxic
why shit like baseball , softball , basketball , etc are in the olympics eludes me completely .	toxic
how the actual fuck did this happen ?	toxic
iraq ? who gives a shit about iraq any more ?	toxic
and nobody gives two shits about your aunt .	toxic
100 per year is still 80 too many , 20 would be fucking egregious .	toxic
had to scroll down this far to read someone with some fucking sense .	toxic
not the exact same but still equally fucked up and deranged .	toxic
holy shit , that was a big spike bloomberg .	toxic
wow i never knew this , holy shit .	toxic
fuck that was tough to watch .	toxic
nobody thought russia was going to be pulling any of this shit either .	toxic
the world is going to shit long before we run out of oil .	toxic
* you need to step away from the fucking keyboard .	toxic
you are just a spamming piece of shit .	toxic
they would lose their shit over that ! !	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with kentucky ?	toxic
free shit army you mean the idf ?	toxic
i don 't think it 's that , it 's just that hernandez is already fucked .	toxic
but people eat that shit up .	toxic
and i 'm not even going to respond to that apologist shit .	toxic
the government is almost completely bought and doesn 't give two shits what the people want .	toxic
as a news organisation , that makes them shit .	toxic
you mean these fucking freaks looking for trouble got fed up of the police doing their job ?	toxic
""" shit would probably go down ."	toxic
a sad reminder that both sides need to get a fucking grip .	toxic
fuck ! i was really hoping he 'd lose that spill vote !	toxic
she fucked up hp and believes her career is a campaign asset .	toxic
and this is why many officers go ape shit when the public tries to videotape them .	toxic
what the fuck is that cnn 'report' on that page ?	toxic
and yet are strangely silent on shit like the tpp .	toxic
might fucking run myself with this beauty of a slogan	toxic
my guess christian , white , male , tea party , gun lover , pussy .	toxic
can 't we just legalize it everywhere , i just wanna get fucking high already .	toxic
"dear god heads would fucking roll ! "" i went home to write the bank ."	toxic
it 'll fuck your tastebuds up yo .	toxic
who cares , fuck new jersey !	toxic
what fuck is wrong with you people ?	toxic
but in all fairness , fuck the russians .	toxic
that 's right old school is back and it 's wrathful as fuck .	toxic
if you think your coworkers organization are shit , you should quit and then voice your opinion .	toxic
i can 't believe this shit the government continues to get away with .	toxic
holy shit , he 's a cartoon character .	toxic
i don 't know how the fuck they get away with that .	toxic
but i 'm sure some asshole hacker or corrupt politian will fuck that up for us too .	toxic
it 's ironic that half you fucks cared more about the dam dentist who shot the lion .	toxic
fuck that , the ivory industry shouldn 't be appeased .	toxic
concussions are no joke , and to get one as a kid will seriously fuck your life up .	toxic
they make sure that shit looks perfect .	toxic
not being an ass , just looking to understand	toxic
""" do you guys realize how fucking ridiculous this sounds ?"	toxic
"we listened to dick when he said "" let 's go find some wmd 's "" ."	toxic
if they were really serious about it , they 've only had 43 years to get their shit together .	toxic
there is some shit stirrers with multiple accounts in threads like this .	toxic
that shit happens all the time .	toxic
scariest shit alone and inexperienced .	toxic
don 't give a fuck what people tweet .	toxic
what good is a fucking stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?	toxic
you 're exactly what 's fucked up about our politics	toxic
then what the fuck was the iraq and afghanistan wars ?	toxic
what if this girl was stealing shit in her own home ?	toxic
no shit , google what happened to un weapons inspector david kelly in the uk .	toxic
well fuck me for being grateful then right ?	toxic
fuck no ! , there 's no justification for fgm	toxic
shit ! maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood .	toxic
if you think that threatening someone with rape is 'freedom of expression' , then you 're fucked up .	toxic
seriously by now i half expected the us government not to have shit like this happening all the time	toxic
except if you actually read the article , he said this shit in 18 .	toxic
i feel like india is just getting their shit together	toxic
he might be right , yesterday i had trouble taking a shit .	toxic
the truth hurt your little ass or because this is your sense of control ?	toxic
fuck he 's said a few normal things lately .	toxic
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole fucking world .	toxic
how the fuck do these parrots think that this scandal has anything to do with democrats ?	toxic
sounds like dicks are wagging down at the missouri legislature .	toxic
the planet doesn 't give a flying fuck about these issues .	toxic
why the fuck should eu grantee anything for ukraine ?	toxic
i 'm sick of this shit	toxic
god fucking dammit , we 've still got 3 more months of this bullshit .	toxic
this happens every fucking time a new gta game comes out .	toxic
this shit is still going on ?	toxic
wonder who raised these retarded girls .	toxic
people in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge and shit .	toxic
op is a misleading piece of shit .	toxic
so because some little shit from 90 years ago did it , you should ?	toxic
you know you fucked up when canada is ready to fight you	toxic
"this is unprocessed oil - sands junk edit not that that means this is "" fuck all """	toxic
detroit and their fucked up police need to change .	toxic
my local trader joes must just be filled with cunts .	toxic
plus , the justice system can be total shit sometimes .	toxic
fuck you , souless greedy fuck .	toxic
$50 barrel oil for the next * * 27 years * * you 're fucking dreaming .	toxic
"game of thrones is more like "" this is some real world shit right here "" ."	toxic
agreed that our state pa is worse , mainly for its fucking ridiculous liquor laws and terrible roads	toxic
no more blacking shit out for national security purposes .	toxic
how the fuck does anyone think abstinence education works still ?	toxic
someone else already filled me in you fucking stupid troll cunt .	toxic
those 34 limas are sexy as fuck .	toxic
er definitely fucked up , big time .	toxic
holy shit the comments on that article are depressing .	toxic
fuck , give me 99 99 .	toxic
ron mother - fucking swanson youtube	toxic
what the fuck is a furry convention ! ?	toxic
this exact part of town is where everyone goes to buy there drugs , it is the fucking ghetto .	toxic
place is a barbaric shit hole that exports terrorism &amp the ideology that drives most of it .	toxic
obviously someone who 's reporting this story is doing jack shit about it .	toxic
lets not exaggerate an already fucked up situation , it accomplishes nothing .	toxic
what the fuck do you want me to do ?	toxic
unless they are mobile games because fuck mobile games .	toxic
shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are soo fucking cute rally ?	toxic
make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it 's delicious as fuck .	toxic
what the fuck did they even charge him with ?	toxic
china has got to be kidding with this shit .	toxic
oh shit that sounded better then money	toxic
they 've simply cried wolf too many times , and now it 's biting them in the ass .	toxic
yep , uk elected these cunts , they deserve everything they get as a result .	toxic
and there are not a lot of options here in this tiny bum - fuck town .	toxic
you are out your rabbit ass mind if you think both of these groups are equal .	toxic
they dont do shit half way .	toxic
he was in fucking guantanamo bay .	toxic
i would like to see them say the shit they 're talking , to a group of hunters .	toxic
he 's living high , why should he give a shit .	toxic
honestly , it sounds over but this shit is just getting started .	toxic
we have a big earthquake coming , and it 's going to fuck shit up .	toxic
dozens ? are you fucking kidding me ?	toxic
""" why wont the fucking door open ? ! """	toxic
it was a fuck ton .	toxic
a few people have blown their shit the hell up trying to make shatter .	toxic
damn your country is weird .	toxic
how does someone fuck up their job this badly .	toxic
why the fuck are they attacking us if we 're ready to leave ?	toxic
plenty of holocaust deniers actually believe the crazy shit they say .	toxic
believe me the emirates does not give a shit about migrant labour .	toxic
i have no idea who this guy is but fuck him	toxic
if i got a shit draw , i wouldn 't take it laying down either .	toxic
oh fuck off , edgy kid .	toxic
shit , i 'm german and i 've never heard most of the brands in lidl before .	toxic
""" and don 't you fucking encrypt your data so we can 't get it ! """	toxic
and they fucked themselves by publishing falsified data for a decade and pumping out laughably biased studies .	toxic
these people don 't give a shit about you .	toxic
focus less on name calling and teasing and go fucking vote this time .	toxic
they have the best weaponry in the world , its not easy to fuck up like this .	toxic
fuck , the world really is getting serious about this is shit .	toxic
no , this type of shit getting any media attention is rare .	toxic
just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all that eastern mordor minded shit behind .	toxic
that big ass dam of yours begs to differ .	toxic
only white people do fucked up shit like this .	toxic
cops have become fucking pirates .	toxic
it doesn 't take fucking sun tzu to see this shit is heading in a dark direction , dude .	toxic
speak for your fucking self .	toxic
my god , fuck these people .	toxic
why the fuck do you need an article to explain ?	toxic
shit , well these comments aren 't gonna be pleasant towards blacks .	toxic
i love seeing all you fuck nut libertarians claim that poor people are the problem .	toxic
you can find thousands of videos about ufos and shit that people believe .	toxic
hillary is going lose her shit when warren gets the nomination .	toxic
are you a troll or just fucking retarded ?	toxic
i wouldn 't tell a fucking soul .	toxic
ok - i can second this , that nicaraguan coffee is fucking amazing .	toxic
how fucking bizarre was that ?	toxic
also kissinger also arafat the peace prize is a complete fucking joke .	toxic
just how the fuck can they even do that ?	toxic
sounds like some boiler room shit to me	toxic
it 's such a fucked up situation .	toxic
identity politics can be a bitch	toxic
sounds like ukraine is p fucked then	toxic
nice only if you don 't mind having all these fucking iguanas on your coffee table ! youtube	toxic
this isnt going to do its job when my dumb ass drops it	toxic
funny ? you must find shit at r funny to be hilarious	toxic
instructions unclear , dick stuck in curry .	toxic
can confirm , my dick remembers everything .	toxic
but you really * do * see that shit sometimes .	toxic
well shit , pardon me for trying to add to the discussion	toxic
that 's a lot of shit	toxic
you get shot , then fucked .	toxic
fuck greenpeace , fuck them so hard	toxic
but i 'm sure you actually have zero fucking clue what fascism means .	toxic
and of course i had to use 28 rd party tools to clean all that shit up .	toxic
why the fuck does the us have a military base in near venice ?	toxic
it 's fucking 2017 and women are still dealing with this repressive bullshit ?	toxic
but what the actual fuck that made me want to just fucking puke	toxic
the founding fathers would shit themselves if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the us	toxic
what a load of rubbish , who up votes this kind of shit post ?	toxic
they have plenty , even though their gov 'ts are even more fucked up .	toxic
or someone will eventually be deep in their shit ? ie prison	toxic
people are fucked up and religion is a nice cover	toxic
i could give a a shit about obama , i was just pointing out the irony .	toxic
some people have fucked up double standards .	toxic
wouldn 't take much for a big lab factory facility to produce shit loads of illegal drugs .	toxic
but the answer certainly isn 't congress doing it 's job and fixing the fucking law , right ?	toxic
jesus , that is fucking horrible .	toxic
brownback has fucked up the fiscal situation so badly that his own party is split on him .	toxic
not so good for the officers putting their asses on the line .	toxic
i fucking knew this sensationalist bs would be the title of all posts to come .	toxic
catholics literally make shit up that is not in the bible .	toxic
anyone that takes either extreme is fucking retarded in my book .	toxic
there still be more of these asses .	toxic
"how fucking sad that public service is now considered "" far left "" ."	toxic
what was the velocity of the foot when it entered his ass ?	toxic
cops are just kind of fucking wierd , the way they talk and such .	toxic
you think the us gives a shit about the children^tm ?	toxic
"get yourself educated dumb fucks "" ."	toxic
we just hear more , but this kind of shady shit has always been a thing .	toxic
most of the cops on the force in my area are former combat veterans and they 're fucking assholes .	toxic
from your username i doubt you really can fuck anything	toxic
that 'd be a shit time to start being symptomatic	toxic
first world countries don 't owe third world countries jack shit .	toxic
well , now you know , why the fuck saddam gassed those fucks .	toxic
if there was enough oil for america to get involved you would bitch about that too .	toxic
lol are we fucking serious ?	toxic
it 's fucked up and i think undermines the sovereignty of the caymans and cr , but still .	toxic
alright peter bunny , get the rabbit hairs out of your ass .	toxic
i could care less what this murdering psycho fucking weasle shit thinks .	toxic
he isn 't being investigated * instead * , you drooling retard	toxic
this is good and all , but damn nigga	toxic
in all seriousness what the fuck ?	toxic
fucking idiots who made the threats probably think they 're funny .	toxic
i barely give a shit who my own brother dates , let alone a bunch of strangers .	toxic
that went from a forest to engulfed in like 15 seconds ! what the actual fuck .	toxic
the country where they get shit done .	toxic
i can 't wait for the press conference with pussy riot .	toxic
i live in the area and i honestly don 't give a shit .	toxic
why the fuck would that even be suggested .	toxic
we are tired of europe 's fucking whining .	toxic
totally fuck the guy who wrote the article .	toxic
"at some point somebody could knock over table saying "" fuck you bloody cheater ! "" ."	toxic
shit like this is why i 'm so attached to the 2 nd amendment .	toxic
or it the usual limp dick response ?	toxic
yes i know drug money fuels our government , but fucking hell .	toxic
it even says in the article that its source is a german newspaper ! this place is fucking ridiculous .	toxic
that is not going to do shit .	toxic
""" but daddy i want to fuck my boyfriend at the summer home this weekend ! """	toxic
its the same book for fuck sake .	toxic
look at the dead soulless eyes of that bitch .	toxic
"it 's not "" a fucking island "" ."	toxic
ast time a group like this reared its head for fucks sake these comments are shit .	toxic
the shit is already annoying to start with , every ten minutes it 's horrid .	toxic
i think we have better things to care about in paris than to showcase this shit .	toxic
smoking doesn 't cost tax payers shit , it builds fucking schools .	toxic
and all their rights and shit	toxic
they could care less about shit like this .	toxic
what the fuck happened to the anti trust department ?	toxic
"news in spanish asking for miley cyrus arrest for "" whiping her ass "" with mexico 's flag proceso"	toxic
what the fuck did you just say to me ?	toxic
fuck you for being rude to someone different than the one who was rude to you earlier .	toxic
how fucking dumb do you have to be to do this right in front of a judge ?	toxic
it 's a fuckin wheelie bin , mate !	toxic
except i know a bunch of poor pieces of shit who do aderall everyday .	toxic
i think i would place the blame on whoever shot the fucking sam 's .	toxic
holy shit , the amount of pure crazy in that article is astonishing	toxic
seems to me that 's enough to label anyone as full of shit .	toxic
the only reason it didn 't happen was due to fucked up politicians , not money .	toxic
omg what a load of bull shit .	toxic
fuck the war on drugs .	toxic
saudi arabia does it and nobody gives a fuck .	toxic
they were getting fucked well before then , all of a sudden people care now apparently	toxic
to be fair , slaughterhouses are super fucked .	toxic
that 's a long ass lease .	toxic
if you don 't want to be called a fascist , don 't act like a fucking fascist .	toxic
things are weird and shit .	toxic
you alone can 't do shit .	toxic
panic all that fucking money spent on spying on you legal or not , wasted .	toxic
holy shit , how can you people be so dumb ?	toxic
however when people who live there can 't get the representation they need it gets fucked up .	toxic
fuck the bad police only , a lot of them are really great people .	toxic
dont feel the need to reply if its not a useful post for fucks sake .	toxic
hard to take him serious with some of his shit talking also high speed rail is going nowhere	toxic
language barrier could be a bitch .	toxic
no way he is getting his filthy lying mouth any near my dick .	toxic
which they violate all the fucking time	toxic
"who gives a fuck what you think his "" intentions "" or "" relevance "" is ."	toxic
"i think we can go ahead and file that in the "" no shit "" folder ."	toxic
everyone feels fucking oppressed these days .	toxic
i only read the one by obama for the same reason he 's a dick .	toxic
"and then they stand dumbfounded when people dare say "" fuck you "" back to them ."	toxic
fuck cvs , by far the worst pharmacy ever .	toxic
lewis were kind of fucked , too , even if it was all ironic .	toxic
i love that this is even a fucking debate any more .	toxic
too bad fifa doesn 't give 2 shits about this .	toxic
if people didn 't buy this shit they wouldn 't be doing it .	toxic
this shit is like the superbowl for these cops .	toxic
he was in two fucking episodes out of almost 100 episodes .	toxic
you think the cop that will beat your ass cares about your record .	toxic
i wonder how many dick pics the have been able to amass .	toxic
that 's * my mother * they 're fucking with .	toxic
it 's the fucking worst of the worst .	toxic
i 'm using my ipad , i put that in originally but autocorrect is a son of a bitch .	toxic
raised ? it 's been there for a long fucking time already .	toxic
"fuck you ! ! ! gosh , well , * that * sure "" showed "" me ."	toxic
his blood contents hemoglobin and other shits 6 .	toxic
how much more do i need to add to that to not be a lazy ass slacker anymore ?	toxic
of course they endorse it , they dont earn shit .	toxic
oh no you already shit yourself	toxic
we can cure some bacterial infections , we can also cure some ham with that shit .	toxic
fuck whatever reason he had for voting against it .	toxic
"everyday i get closer and closer to saying "" fuck this ."	toxic
they better fucking nerf shoes .	toxic
i 'm mean , he 's got to have at least 71 already because he cares so fucking much .	toxic
that shit wouldn 't fly where i went to college .	toxic
are you defending this shit ?	toxic
"meanwhile , missouri 's legislature is itchin' do do the same shit to "" stay competitive "" with kansas ."	toxic
i 'd fucking give you gold if not for shitty fucking shit .	toxic
people as a whole are dumb as shit .	toxic
and is invested in oil fuck .	toxic
it 's because she wants to dick wave for the local crowd .	toxic
"i know , they could even be more direct and say "" we win because fuck you ! """	toxic
when dope is made legal afghanistan will be our opium - production bitch .	toxic
give me a fucking break you pussy .	toxic
the fuck , anti - mine vehicles , m16s , and grenade launchers ?	toxic
anonymous is so fucking annoying .	toxic
you 're shit out of luck of you ever start to make less money than before .	toxic
well they did some pretty horrific shit .	toxic
right , as if all other militaries are fucking angels from jesus	toxic
""" i 'd like some evidence "" omgwtf you fucking rape apologist"	toxic
sorry to burst your bubble , but this shit absolutely happened in the us .	toxic
and ? what 's your fucking point ?	toxic
they don 't give a shit about benghazi .	toxic
i mean a high amount of current shit , sure .	toxic
which was my fucking point ?	toxic
why the fuck do they even care about the price ?	toxic
they won 't stop until they either wipe each other out or they get rid of their fucking religions .	toxic
who gives a shit if they 're drunk and high ?	toxic
was it really necessary to say something so misogynistic while talking shit about kim ?	toxic
it 's someone 's pet pig , not a fucking grizzly bear .	toxic
what about for ass play ?	toxic
that is some hoover - shit right here .	toxic
this law is fucked up .	toxic
you see this sort of shit and think people can 't possibly believe it ?	toxic
yeah holy shit i thought that was a joke ! i didnt hear anything about it !	toxic
who gives a shit about the press part ?	toxic
"it 's amazing how quickly a thread devolves into "" fuck the usa "" ."	toxic
that shit should never be forgotten .	toxic
this is the kind of shit that gets people to believe in conspiracy theories .	toxic
the new one was a bouncer and will kick your ass if you say that to his face .	toxic
i 'm fucking afraid as well , i fear we 're next .	toxic
god damnit , fucking ipad autocorrected that	toxic
that is there fucking problem and now they 're dealing with it .	toxic
their brains aren 't fully developed and i 'm sure life in prison would only further fuck them up .	toxic
holy shit , somebody gets it .	toxic
yeah , he 's a dick but this isn 't his fault .	toxic
why the fuck did she throw her own child in a dumpster .	toxic
just because some indians died hundreds of years ago doesn 't mean indians on the rez deserve free shit .	toxic
giving africans free shirts and other shit kills swaths of their economy	toxic
justice systems are pretty fucked up in general , the us being no exception , but damn , russia .	toxic
it is already out you can find a version with english sub 's and it is fucking fantastic .	toxic
well now i feel like an ass .	toxic
com sucks ass with the insane amount of ads it serves .	toxic
yeah , fuck those edumacted scholars , they ain 't even smart enough to believe in jesus !	toxic
"and everyone said "" who the fuck is this guy ? """	toxic
what a completely fucked up place .	toxic
confirmation bias and anecdotal evidence all up in this bitch .	toxic
"they are the "" i got mine , fuck you ."	toxic
would you care to explain why there would be a shit storm and why should i care ?	toxic
the rest were a fucking mess .	toxic
hard to believe so many numbskulls choose to be cynical fucks over something that might actually have happened .	toxic
if you 're going to correct someone do it without being a dick .	toxic
that 's so fucking spot on .	toxic
north carolina tried to , but their uppity asses got bodyslammed with the past elections .	toxic
"not even brave enough to say "" fucking "" ."	toxic
just whatsapp your fucking mp .	toxic
you know , the kind that reddit bitches about all day .	toxic
they do the same shit as isis .	toxic
funny how those republicans who quote that all the fucking time are quiet right now	toxic
i don 't give a shit about you	toxic
? that 's a shit thing to do .	toxic
this woman is fucked , and not in the good way .	toxic
if you want to brutally murder people you might be fucked in the head as well .	toxic
way to link to the wrong fucking sub .	toxic
this is fucking baffling to me .	toxic
shit , i remember when it was $9 .	toxic
also , she was a bitch .	toxic
and people who spread ignorance by pulling irrelevant fake stats out of their ass	toxic
you know that , fuck this .	toxic
homo = homosexual , how the fuck is that ignorant you idiot ?	toxic
he gets shit on for a reason .	toxic
are you completely fucking insane ?	toxic
and no one wants to fuck with china .	toxic
they talk shit and support wahabism , you know those isis - types ?	toxic
india is corrupt up the ass .	toxic
universal right to carry automatic weapons everywhere do people really believe this shit ?	toxic
two cans and a string , bitches ! this news , however alarming , failed to be surprising .	toxic
how in the actual fuck did h&amp r block sneak anything into a senate bill ?	toxic
you should have invaded iraq with us , you fucked up .	toxic
don 't fucking pull this shit if you 're gonna just do what you accuse others of doing .	toxic
"now fuck off and let me watch pawn stars "" he replies ."	toxic
it takes a seriously fucked up individual to do that shit .	toxic
what dubious pile of shit our government is .	toxic
instructions unclear noodles stuck in dick	toxic
fine , but at least choose wording that doesn 't make us look like giant fucking hypocrites .	toxic
too much fucking spreading horror tales about fucking isis and bullshit too goddamit lol fuck this shit .	toxic
something to keep in mind when fucking with the future	toxic
if you 're in favor of raising taxes on cigarettes then you 're a fucking retard .	toxic
probably because this pope is a liberal shit head	toxic
he 's just sitting there in his fuckin office swatting flies .	toxic
why do we hear so much stories about how the us police is fucked up ?	toxic
so he 's pulling a dick cheney ?	toxic
they fired first because they were fucking surrounded by people who wanted them wiped off the planet	toxic
being shit at the box office is what 's detrimental to a career .	toxic
shut up obama and just legalize that shit homie .	toxic
is there anything the gwbush administration touched that they didn 't fuck up ?	toxic
you are out of your mother fucking mind .	toxic
doctor doom won 't put up with that shit .	toxic
reddit 's a fickle bitch innit ?	toxic
they 're fucking little man children .	toxic
fuck you , i like my ge trivection oven .	toxic
if you burned your own dick then it 's your fault	toxic
this shit is midieval and evil .	toxic
""" lol fuck the poor , they don 't got fishes and loaves like this ."	toxic
yeah man , fuck our privacy or the right to be dumb when you 're young .	toxic
which is why conservatives are trying so hard to fuck with education .	toxic
when did * john * fucking * kerry * grow a sack ?	toxic
what a fucking arrogant asshole .	toxic
shit ! i just did it too .	toxic
there was a fucking earthquake	toxic
also , good fucking luck getting the gop congress to spend any time or money improving mental health initiatives .	toxic
can you imagine how fucked up it would be if they weren 't caught ?	toxic
why do we continue to accept to be fucked like this .	toxic
what the fuck are they doing , then ?	toxic
the fucking story is more than a year old jackass .	toxic
is the chinese projection so shit they will have to send their soldiers in on a commercial flight ?	toxic
that 's basically the same shit the israel defense force says to the gazans .	toxic
frankly i 'm not sure what the fuck point you 're even trying to make .	toxic
enough time to get shit done and no pandering to make sure you 're re - elected .	toxic
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are fucking terrifying !	toxic
dude wasn 't complying for shit .	toxic
take that shit down now , twitter ! !	toxic
what the fuck do they care about women 's health services for everyone else ?	toxic
aw no , all fucked up	toxic
but i seriously hope they fucking bring that stuff back sooner rather than later .	toxic
which is really fucking scary .	toxic
recently i 've said fuck it and just keep walking until one of them moves .	toxic
they have nothing to do with disease control so who gives a shit what he thinks	toxic
dude are you fucking nuts ?	toxic
hey guys who gives a fuck !	toxic
i signed that shit so hard this morning .	toxic
fuck you and everything about the title of this post .	toxic
how fucking awesome is that !	toxic
think of all the shit we could do with that .	toxic
both sides ie the mass media is just fucked currently .	toxic
what kind of fucking imbecile builds a giant parabolic reflector trained on the street of a major city ?	toxic
""" what the fuck kind of margin is that ! ?"	toxic
shit , and i was going to go to a national park for my fall break .	toxic
at what point does a country just say fuck it and not keep track anymore ?	toxic
take your arrogant ass and fuck	toxic
casualties would obviously be low but it 'd be scary as fuck .	toxic
who the fuck are you gona call when that happens .	toxic
i 'm russian , most people i know just dont give a fuck	toxic
well put a fuckin' coat on , son .	toxic
if they wanted to hide it why would they fucking report it in the first place ?	toxic
he did terrible shit as well .	toxic
what a dick thing to say .	toxic
anything else is just fucking lazy .	toxic
and you 'd have claimed he fucked up if he didn 't save bergdahl .	toxic
people said the same shit 10 years ago after the 10 elections .	toxic
that 's the pussy way out of dealing with your police being over aggressive asshole s	toxic
holy fuck , do i have a movie for you	toxic
can you give us some examples of fucked up texas laws ?	toxic
i missed that first part and scrolled down to the shit that mattered	toxic
obviously i 'd also prefer it if both sides would do their fucking jobs .	toxic
these areas were semi - autonomous , why the fuck then is there a war for slightly more autonomy ?	toxic
i 've finally fucking seen it all .	toxic
what does the fucking federal government have to do with keeping stupid consultants traveling from getting confused ?	toxic
but i 'd only be interested if you were sending actual shit .	toxic
"shit , i thought "" throw away my vote "" was a universally understood phrase ."	toxic
how ironic if he gets ass - raped in prison .	toxic
you want to get nuked in your ass ?	toxic
i was thinking about the 67 election which was pretty fucking insane	toxic
what the fuck , why do you have to bring that into this ?	toxic
hey look at the * * ass * * hole everybody !	toxic
tl dr i need my paycheck , fuck the rest of you	toxic
shit , i hadn 't heard of that .	toxic
sounds like a match was lit then they hauled ass	toxic
for whatever reason , your comment just blew my fucking mind .	toxic
you say h erbs , we say herbs , because there 's a fucking h in it	toxic
yet when things go to shit , they blame the us for not doing anything .	toxic
that is some seriously vindictive nearly american level of anti - drug shit right there .	toxic
this could either be really good , or a real fuck up .	toxic
"not an apology , not a "" my bad , dog , "" nor a "" we fucked up ."	toxic
how the fuck you gonna link to the dailymail ?	toxic
"shit , "" the great firewall "" is a real thing ."	toxic
how the fuck is wearing a full burka really a threat to public safety ?	toxic
* lower the fucking tax rate ? ? *	toxic
* * they hit the fucking pentagon	toxic
he 's from new ro you ignorant fuck .	toxic
holy shit , i hope you 're a troll .	toxic
holy shit , californians making a correct decision for once ?	toxic
"it 's amazing how many people follow "" i fucking love science "" that don 't believe in science ."	toxic
what is wrong with wondering what you call your parents , you fucking douche ?	toxic
they were probably wondering what the fuck was going on .	toxic
that was fucking awesome man thank you !	toxic
lately things in egypt has gone to shit .	toxic
shes got to eat , drink , piss and shit .	toxic
i mean fuck the entire planet if we can get cheap , cheap gas right ?	toxic
fuck anyone who uses this argument .	toxic
as long as companies aren 't cunts and raise prices by a huge margin but they will	toxic
holy shit , way to overreact .	toxic
it tastes like shit , but that 's why you only really drink it while eating .	toxic
if it 's cheap as shit , they 'll know it cant be the real thing .	toxic
shit will fuck up and or end your life .	toxic
i see that , but the rest of the video is just shit as well .	toxic
russian politicians prefer to fuck taxpayers , not their kids .	toxic
kids are dead you fuck .	toxic
fuck my scruples , it 's an oil company .	toxic
now that is a fucking next level novelty account .	toxic
i don 't care if i get downvoted to hell , but amanda knox is guilty as fuck .	toxic
people are rude as shit .	toxic
where the fuck are their parents at ?	toxic
shit is crazy around here .	toxic
don 't laugh that kind of shit does happen .	toxic
same shit different president puppet .	toxic
in a thread like this , being that fucking vague is pretty goddamn toxic .	toxic
you 're funny as ebola infested shit	toxic
you don 't see the fucking irony here ?	toxic
who the fuck keeps playing the game after you 've won ?	toxic
i 'm pretty sure detroit is still shit compared to moldova .	toxic
we don 't fucking live in africa dude .	toxic
dude is broke as shit .	toxic
and ? he is a criminal piece of shit .	toxic
that is a fucking cop .	toxic
there wouldn 't be shit the rest of the world could do to stop them , either .	toxic
""" you can put this shit on shit "" - new slogan"	toxic
i don 't think you understand how fucked cartels are .	toxic
it 's a big fucking deal this world cup thing .	toxic
man you editorialized the shit out of that title , how about you go read the rules .	toxic
i mean in usa the shit got so chaotic lately .	toxic
can these people , please , for the love of fucks sake , stop eating bushmeat .	toxic
this site is so fucked it is amazing .	toxic
it annoys me so much as an asian american because i keep getting this stereotype shit .	toxic
yeah , its fucking hilarious that she has committed treason and tried to play it off as a klutz .	toxic
a fucking deal if you ask me .	toxic
the kooyman i know is a completely evil piece of shit .	toxic
this shit right here israel is why almost no one in the west supports you anymore .	toxic
fuck off putin , stalin was no better than hitler .	toxic
why ? hide that shit or delete	toxic
it 's like , why the fuck do you think they are doing it ?	toxic
whoever did this is fucked .	toxic
wtf man that 's fucke up	toxic
don 't give jobbik any fucking ideas .	toxic
my ass is full of questions .	toxic
dont be so sure about shit u didnt see or experience .	toxic
people are going to stop paying for shit that help destroy the internet .	toxic
that shit is not ok .	toxic
this shit is a national disgrace at this point .	toxic
fucking pussies ! you 're not gonna do shit you cowards ! boooooooo	toxic
that guy is a piece of shit .	toxic
i am sick of this motherfucking shit	toxic
we better figure that shit out soon before everyone is too poor	toxic
the rest of us would be utterly fucked .	toxic
this response is fucking amazing .	toxic
this shit will be approved after a feinted discussion	toxic
tired of sitting around doing fuck all because it 's too expensive to go anywhere .	toxic
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's bitch ?	toxic
that shit never happened under bush .	toxic
wtf australia , your politicians are fucking insane .	toxic
fuck scott walker , i just hope his run exposes him	toxic
what in the actual fuck just happened ? seriously .	toxic
if he doesn 't do anything and shit goes down he need to cover his ass .	toxic
that shit was fixed that quick or was it bullshit meant to deceive as other agendas were pursued ?	toxic
because that would be fucked up ?	toxic
he 's so far up the right - wing american ass , it 's frustrating .	toxic
edit who the fuck downvotes facts .	toxic
as someone who actually lives in vietnam , let me just tell you how fucking wrong you are .	toxic
yeah , how about you maybe say that * * on fucking monday	toxic
who the fuck wants to live there anyways	toxic
things like this make me give zero shits about how overly - secular france tries to be .	toxic
the titles almost as much of a cluster fuck as turkey itself .	toxic
let 's hope so , since * that 's exactly what he fucking did .	toxic
i 'd rather see justin bieber then that fake ass piece of shit .	toxic
oh shit , i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling	toxic
"unless the next potus is another "" let 's compromise "" pussy ."	toxic
once they send a strongly worded letter i 'll know shit got real .	toxic
he 's a jesuit , those guys don 't fuck around about the poor and their mission .	toxic
fuck that , that part of texas has always been pro - oil .	toxic
and a lot of * fucking jobs * .	toxic
when i hear this shit now i just laugh .	toxic
the only reason people do this shit is because they know they will become famous because of the media .	toxic
this is some crusader kings ii level shit here .	toxic
and not be doing shady shit behind it .	toxic
this fuck should answer for his crimes .	toxic
obviously they fucking do not ! in this case they didn 't even do the bare minimum ?	toxic
the legislatures are the ones that created this , and are typical evil pieces of shit .	toxic
so what the fuck was the interview ?	toxic
but god damn he 's killing our job market god damnit !	toxic
how the fuck is sophie mollison not a troll .	toxic
google glass is creepy as fuck .	toxic
if our livelihood was not at stake this shit would be absolutely hilarious .	toxic
once people find out what 's in that shit they are going to tweak .	toxic
i still think one big ass shot of heroin wold do the trick .	toxic
don 't let 'em bring you down , you are right no matter what ! fuck the experts !	toxic
"or "" holy shit look at the opportunity that just fell at our feet "" ."	toxic
this shit might have flown 58 years ago , but thankfully this tard is gonna learn otherwise very quickly .	toxic
i 'm not cut out for that shit .	toxic
hey , call of duty no one gives a shit .	toxic
! you 're getting your ass kicked .	toxic
but seriously they pretty much said they 're going to name it whatever the fuck they want anyway .	toxic
that is a fucking dangerous idea .	toxic
it 's basically a 'fuck off i 'm not saying anything , bother somebody else' comment .	toxic
what exactly is your fucking problem here ?	toxic
how the fuck did the criminal get the gun	toxic
this shit is a global network .	toxic
jesus christ i really hope this doesn 't fucking happen .	toxic
but what * kind * of piece of shit ?	toxic
like i said , not a problem , we 've got this spying shit on lockdown .	toxic
fuck you , i 'm not clicking that .	toxic
there 's a lot of unacceptable shit on tv .	toxic
yeah cross the 75 th parallel north and see ! dumb asses	toxic
for all we know aliens get really fucked up on epsom salt .	toxic
ah ha , hush that fuss bitches better move to the back of the bus	toxic
we are not in a fucking hurry to find something that we can 't reach anytime soon .	toxic
not giving a shit about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of a conservative .	toxic
and fucking in the bathroom .	toxic
now they have exclusive access to a captive market and are trying to gouge the shit out of it .	toxic
because fuck you and get back to work .	toxic
you don 't have to know shit about policy to have strong opinions .	toxic
also , hawaii has fucking ski resorts	toxic
tallest trees catch the most wind , but skyscrapers don 't give a single fuck .	toxic
walter was a pretty big fuck up , dude .	toxic
how the fuck do you think i feel ?	toxic
take the time to do the research , and stop posting ignorant shit online	toxic
he is the governor of my state and he hasn 't really fucked us much .	toxic
yeah but you criticized me before so fuck you .	toxic
jesus , when did we get so fucking bad at spy shit ?	toxic
china won 't do shit cause they know better .	toxic
he always seems to know what he 's doing when the shit hits the fan .	toxic
pull some jack bauer shit and take out like 77 of those fuckers before you go out .	toxic
the ukraine has been through enough shit in the past .	toxic
pretty sure its not his shit idea .	toxic
it wasnt the pictures of his shit that made me sick either	toxic
""" that is the sixth fucking line of the article ."	toxic
shit buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money .	toxic
it 's ok , they completely fucked themselves a long time ago .	toxic
no they 're not , the fuck are you talking about .	toxic
holy shit when will this story die ?	toxic
obama to propose new initiative to give free shit to members of his voting coalition .	toxic
he is a good guy and went through a lot of shit for that medal .	toxic
because they are the party of fucking progress	toxic
that 's the fucking point of offensive language .	toxic
i think it 's the queue to cover the ass of the guy who does .	toxic
exactly , fuck the part about ethical or moral .	toxic
cause all i see is lol finish winter war bring it bitch !	toxic
i say fuck em , i would have done the same .	toxic
what the fuck is going on in that subreddit ?	toxic
hell , belgium had fucking slavery in the congo into the 58 s .	toxic
oh jesus christ , nobody gives a shit about that pointless distinction .	toxic
reeeeeeee this is legitimately fucked up though	toxic
shit is about to get real .	toxic
if you think these annoying trends are so obvious to people why do they keep getting fucking upvotes ugh	toxic
yup , justify a bullshit illegal curfew from power hungry shitsticks that should be in the ground	toxic
security might have something to say as you carry a big ass ladder across the lawn .	toxic
the chicken is dryer than an 76 year old pussy .	toxic
what am i doing with my life why did i even write this message holy fuck .	toxic
how do you think this shit starts .	toxic
shits gonna hit the fan .	toxic
safe to say australia is now fucked ?	toxic
"if you disciplined your snot nose little shit the "" village "" wouldn 't have to do it ."	toxic
a shit spark , off a shit flint .	toxic
it 's not about thinking , it 's about litigation and covering the administration 's ass .	toxic
i dip my cauliflower in that shit .	toxic
shit man at that rate if 56 56 happened in israel they would purge the entire middle east .	toxic
most of reddit doesn 't give a fuck unfortunately .	toxic
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right fucking there .	toxic
your support of such a shit state reinforces that , and thats what really pains me .	toxic
its not a nation its just a lot of retarded people who do that , unfortunately .	toxic
thats fucking it , im joining	toxic
dont act like you speak for all of us my money too valuable for this shit	toxic
fuck starbucks , go for amazon gc and save mailing anything .	toxic
usa 's government does plenty of bad shit as well for example .	toxic
you cant do anything against that , i have the right to say whatever the fuck i want .	toxic
it is the fucking planet .	toxic
oh fuck , the wall went back up ?	toxic
its gonna see some pretty boring shit .	toxic
the next president will be shit too .	toxic
you can probably find the actual location on a map or some shit idk	toxic
how did this bitch get into power ?	toxic
shit i work 40 + hours a week and that 's like 40 times my stipend !	toxic
sounds like the british were getting ready to fuck someone up .	toxic
yea , look at all those chinese and hindu immigrants doing the same shit .	toxic
they have sharp as shit claws that can slice you open .	toxic
this isn 't news , it 's fucking common sense .	toxic
who the fuck is this guy ? ? ? ?	toxic
but they did a fucking good job of it .	toxic
speaking as someone who lives in the region , fuck you .	toxic
cutting mail service wouldn 't do jack shit to free up funds .	toxic
the funny thing is they generally don 't give a shit about anything else .	toxic
fuck politicians , both republicans and democrats .	toxic
holy shit , that is more than i make in a month .	toxic
people eat that shit up .	toxic
are you fucking kidding me , a facebook - login is required to vote ?	toxic
lol i can 't fucking believe that twitter post .	toxic
shit , stein can 't have that .	toxic
how the fuck have we not replaced these people with computers yet ?	toxic
so fucking what ! let them believe it .	toxic
chances are these teens were still in fucking diapers when 91 91 occurred .	toxic
the way the shit clings to the air ? .	toxic
let 's hope wopr is not involved or we are all fucked .	toxic
billions ? are you fucking joking ?	toxic
they are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes to shit .	toxic
ain 't nobody fuckin' with us , y 'all .	toxic
don 't get drunk and act like an ass and chances are you 'll never even meet me .	toxic
this shit is really starting to upset me .	toxic
if the petroleum industry were an ice cream flavor , it would be pralines , ass , and cancer .	toxic
cos reddit isn 't all one fucking person ?	toxic
i hate that shit , and i 'm in the military .	toxic
im not wiping my ass with it .	toxic
are you still going on with this thatcher shit ?	toxic
we 're fucked , and it 's the cdc to blame for not taking this seriously .	toxic
who the fuck smiles and laughs when they are doing that shit to someone ?	toxic
this whole planet is fucked .	toxic
can 't we just get cop cams and be done with this shit ?	toxic
probably all that fucking tofu they eat .	toxic
nah i don 't give a fuck what happens to people that literally deserve worse to happen to them .	toxic
that shit just happened for real in 40 .	toxic
i like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive shit .	toxic
the fucking comments in this sub were terrible during the entire ebola panic .	toxic
your family can be sent to concentration like camps if you get into deep shit .	toxic
fuck taft , nobody likes taft after what he did to that bathtub	toxic
to be fair , most of them are shit .	toxic
transracial is a fucking thing now ?	toxic
i know ! fuck those family people !	toxic
wow , that article was absolute shit .	toxic
it would be great to have an update sub for this this shit .	toxic
i mean , weed - ok , but fucking heroin ?	toxic
it 's all part of the mind - fuck .	toxic
hell , dick cheney , the man who started this damn war , predicted this back in 84 youtube	toxic
if i lived in the middle of fucking nowhere i 'd want a doobie too .	toxic
and i know there are actual fucks who believe hamas 's shit , but most palestinians just want to live	toxic
she 's so full of shit , her eyes are brown .	toxic
""" freedom "" means freedom from government , not freedom to free shit ."	toxic
googled it and shit loads of sites came up .	toxic
if we really gave a fuck about other people instead of being the snobby rich kids of the world .	toxic
they sure as shit do ?	toxic
this shit is going to be so epic i 'm considering investing in orville reddenbacher ahead of election time .	toxic
do you not know what state secrets are or do you just pretend to be retarded ?	toxic
the pope is not the fucking authority on climate science .	toxic
won 't the batteries be shit by then ?	toxic
opinions are never right or wrong , they 're fucking subjective for a reason .	toxic
you people really are fucked in the head .	toxic
increasing apathy with humor is just the thing that helps fuck this world up .	toxic
damn , you covered a lot of crazy there .	toxic
pretty sure most women don 't wear this shit out of their own choice anyway .	toxic
fuck him , where does he come off having any input in american politics .	toxic
step 4 regulate the shit out of an industry .	toxic
does the bear pope shit in the woods ?	toxic
like , who gives a shit what trump 's view on this is haha ?	toxic
seriously you went from being stick it to the man to posting pussy shots	toxic
jordan delivering freedom all over their asses !	toxic
you just want the government to assuage your retarded middle class guilt .	toxic
"chemical weapons don 't give a fuck about "" sides "" ."	toxic
whoah they 've been doing that ? ? ? fuck .	toxic
seriously , it 's like an indian tech rep it fucks up so much .	toxic
seriously , drive into that shit and you will think you just teleported into a 63 rd world country .	toxic
have at it , take shit and call it life experience .	toxic
"if verizon thinks they can redefine the word "" unlimited "" , they can see me in fucking court ."	toxic
i believe you 'll find that this website is fully opperational ! endore is fucked guys	toxic
how the * fuck * did this guy even come to that conclusion ?	toxic
they won 't but egypt is shit for everybody right now .	toxic
"what matters more though is the employers "" freedom "" to fuck those at the bottom ."	toxic
so me not giving a shit about who he loves is negative ?	toxic
he caused half the shit that started wwii	toxic
who the fuck is buying them ?	toxic
it also didn 't do shit for my joint pain .	toxic
i have a tenant who did this , let their dog shit in the hallways .	toxic
the aclu has been around for almost 21 years and still ain 't worth a shit .	toxic
ah yes , because charter schools are terrible everywhere because shit - hole ohio can 't get it right .	toxic
"i preferably would like "" they "" to handle their own shit but "" they "" seem incapable"	toxic
it 's fucking pointless to keep going after tpb .	toxic
that 's a fucking awesome username .	toxic
oh give it a fucking rest already .	toxic
not trying to be a dick jw since it seemed like a loan to the business .	toxic
would 've agreed with that comment had you not written 'edgy fucks' .	toxic
we have guns and shit .	toxic
ted cruz justin bieber celine dion one more and we 're invading your ass .	toxic
and what 's even crazier is that the whole fucking thing ran on 55 kb of memory	toxic
s , is this really fucking needed ?	toxic
this sort of shit happens everywhere in every culture and country .	toxic
seriously , fuck our judicial system .	toxic
i can just imagine the amount of annoying ass stoners who 'll spring up when this happens .	toxic
holy shit , that 's a slogan for the era .	toxic
that rule is a fucking disgrace !	toxic
i know a lot of christians who think this woman is a dumb bitch not their words .	toxic
it 's fucking almost 81 years away .	toxic
and this is the sort of shit that gets upvoted in r politics now .	toxic
although , technically , i was being an ass .	toxic
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower shit number .	toxic
it 's always a fucking camry .	toxic
fuck you , we 're gonna make our entire power system in - state .	toxic
this has nothing to do with the british government , this is a private business for fucks sake .	toxic
whoever told you that is blowing smoke up your ass .	toxic
you mean if they gave me highly subsidized energy sources and cheap ass loans ?	toxic
i can 't see anything out of this damn hood though	toxic
this took place in india you fucking idiot	toxic
just fucking rule out even the possibility of voter fraud entirely .	toxic
cry about it , and when you 're done , fuck off .	toxic
she lost her job for being a fucking dumbass .	toxic
holy shit , an article by eliot abrams ?	toxic
why the fuck would you test it on animals ?	toxic
nah , i just wanna say what ever the fuck i want and not get called out .	toxic
haha , it is fucking pathetic how deluded the apologists on here are	toxic
today 's kids probably won 't even give a shit .	toxic
under state laws though , we 're still kinda fucked .	toxic
it is even highlighted in the first fucking paragraph .	toxic
those cunts don 't even like football .	toxic
fucking hell , i was there not two years ago .	toxic
google that fucking shit yourself .	toxic
i get a similar speed to that because i live up a fucking mountain .	toxic
we as a society should give two shits about mental health and stop glorifying these people in the news .	toxic
shit , i am getting old .	toxic
* how the fuck can anyone like this guy ? ! ? *	toxic
we got the lake , it 's usually a windy fucking cold .	toxic
how much of a cunt you have to be to prey on disabled people .	toxic
"i 'm using this as a standard unit of measurement "" how much is a shit ton ?"	toxic
i am glad that we all had the same fucked up thought .	toxic
china is behind yelling calm the fuck down kimmy .	toxic
fuck yeah boys , we own the moon !	toxic
people are getting tired of bibi 's shit .	toxic
watch against unions that shit needs to be illegal .	toxic
but fuck everything else they do , especially canadian content .	toxic
oh wait its not well fuck , looks like my point is moot .	toxic
after a student who just finished reading the hot zone for school fuck	toxic
this thread is retarded beyond words .	toxic
yes since its worked out so well for you dumb asses	toxic
yes they do - in germany union folks sit on the fucking board .	toxic
now this little russian runt cunt wants them back .	toxic
"in the words of lil' jon "" don 't start no shit , won 't be no shit "" ."	toxic
well shit i guess gun control don 't work none too good .	toxic
get the fuck out of the place that never belonged to you to begin with ?	toxic
haha , i totally forgot about that song ! zappas the fucking shit dude !	toxic
fuck , george bush didn 't even win the first election , and people called it a mandate .	toxic
all the gunmen are dead now , so i hope that was their entire fucking life 's goal .	toxic
this shit 's gonna blow up real soon .	toxic
fuck off with the guns !	toxic
could you imagine being the voice actor for that fucking kid ?	toxic
i was afraid to drink kool aid when i was young because of that shit .	toxic
of course they will fucking miss .	toxic
we all get treated like shit by the police - black , asian , white .	toxic
i am retarded it seems .	toxic
our options are all shit now that money = speech and we don 't have any	toxic
seems like the only way shit gets done	toxic
how fucking retarded do you have to be to come up with a theory like this ?	toxic
rofl you better fucking learn to get your fucking head screwed on right .	toxic
giving a fuck doesn 't mean they can magically stop 27 % of it .	toxic
besides , supporting hezbollah is not an act of war , even if it is a dick move .	toxic
if people are fed up with their govement , they should burn shit and make themeselves heard .	toxic
what a bunch of dumb fucks .	toxic
the most fucked up thing is that she invoked her step - daughters death in the same sequence .	toxic
these religious fanatics are just pissy little cunts , terrified of life .	toxic
foreal shit makes no sense .	toxic
no joke , someone here actually fucking called it that .	toxic
"don 't go to "" james bond island "" , it 's boring as fuck ."	toxic
""" this is some serious shit ."	toxic
a bandaid won 't do shit if you need stitches .	toxic
now what the fuck are we supposed to do , man ?	toxic
if they only had oil , we 'd be all over that shit .	toxic
i makea you a fuck just rike mighty tigah !	toxic
"so , perfect republican candidate , "" i got mine , fuck all y 'all """	toxic
it 's about the media making shit up instead of actually bothering to understand the science .	toxic
have fun with your shitty mobile site while the rest of us stop being paranoid little bitches .	toxic
are you back to this shit ?	toxic
yeah but california is full of retards and fuck - ups .	toxic
fucking you people woah * * calm * * down sailor .	toxic
fuck all of it , the politicians , the journalists , and the fucking redditors posting this vitriol .	toxic
it 's exactly the sort of retarded thing they 'd be all about .	toxic
bitch , the japanese invented suicide bombing .	toxic
i am not a fan of sea world but fuck peta .	toxic
yeah , japan would be fucked .	toxic
you missed the entire fucking point of that last scene .	toxic
""" how the fucking fuck can a cop be allowed on a jury ? ? ?"	toxic
""" redditor for 26 minutes "" fuck off"	toxic
how retarded do you have to be to think nato wants war ?	toxic
fuck yeah vermont is on reddit again .	toxic
plus when you take marijuanas , you end up sucking dick for crack rocks .	toxic
don 't come , it feels fucked up here .	toxic
that 's assuming i actually give a shit , which i don 't .	toxic
and your comment is full of shit	toxic
cole lyric chain in a fucking thread about isis , let alone twice	toxic
""" how about the government doesn 't make anyone do jack shit in terms of their businesses ."	toxic
he 's a fucking street thug .	toxic
even the local authorities though it was fucked up , inform yourself before you judge .	toxic
the people that will take to burning shit and looting stores .	toxic
the citrus one tasted like soda fucked a bag of rotten oranges , not lemon .	toxic
also i don 't give a shit .	toxic
erdogan doesn 't give two shits about atatrk , and reforming things he brought .	toxic
you using the fact that we got our asses kicked out of country after country the last 80 years ?	toxic
sounds like a load of shit to me .	toxic
obamas wife is an unelected unqualified waste of money and has no business fucking around with what children eat .	toxic
fuckin hell why can 't we just stop murdering brown people ?	toxic
holy shit you are dumb as hell .	toxic
why the fuck does this need to exist ?	toxic
if more people were able to open carry criminals would think twice about fucking with someone .	toxic
she must , given she appears in public holding them more than fucking ted nugent .	toxic
well ain 't that some shit	toxic
wow , that is one fucked - up interpretation of history .	toxic
how fucked up would that be ?	toxic
he didn 't build the fucking clock .	toxic
texas - they don 't put up with any shit .	toxic
you mean isps actually have incentive to not be pieces of shit now ?	toxic
kim jung il sure as fuck knows .	toxic
"i kinda feel bad saying this but , "" fuck yeah ! """	toxic
it 's a lot easier to just pull things out of your ass when reality adhere to your worldview .	toxic
that 's a big no fucking shit ghost rider .	toxic
i will never understand why reddit gets such a hard - on over this populist ass - hat	toxic
this logic makes no fucking sense .	toxic
lets throw some pies at these cunts	toxic
is somebody making an ass out of u and me ?	toxic
it is just fucking weird to type out prayers and post them on reddit .	toxic
playing on 73 kbs is fucking horrendous .	toxic
i 'm imaging polandball casting some purple shit on the ground with soldiers spawning in around him .	toxic
fuck off , yes we would ! s	toxic
well when you employ james fuckin bond i can see why .	toxic
don 't give me the passive pussy bullshit .	toxic
come the fuck on people , its an obvious troll .	toxic
this is just so fucking cringe ok i get it now	toxic
she 's a fucking populist , pandering moron .	toxic
they deal with a lot of shit that many larger cities don 't have to deal with .	toxic
i swear not everyone from california is this retarded .	toxic
both parties are conservative as fuck , but please don 't play the false equivalence card .	toxic
she could seriously fuck up that guy 's life , and for what ?	toxic
hopefully the maasai turn this in to some the most dangerous game shit .	toxic
the only thing that drives me insane is how fucking long it is taking .	toxic
they 're not meeting in fucking speak easys .	toxic
a fucking atheist like you won 't understand .	toxic
fuck them if they get mad over reasonable things like this .	toxic
take your kids and your ass home .	toxic
but thank fuck they aren 't autistic .	toxic
a local naacp chapter was just set on fire this week for fuck 's sake .	toxic
who really gives a flying fuck about a church ?	toxic
would you get your ass whooped on in the same way for 6 .	toxic
fucking thugs break in to people 's houses .	toxic
fuck her and her fake kingdom .	toxic
""" in spite of having no prior history of long distance running "" what the fuck"	toxic
i still don 't believe clinton being the presumptive candidate means shit	toxic
if not , it 's just waving your dick around .	toxic
so it makes you shit liquid fire ?	toxic
com we are going to do fuck all .	toxic
i 'm legitimately wondering when this shit is going to blow up and officially turn into the tenth crusade .	toxic
doesn 't that bite you in the ass later ?	toxic
the chrismas trees and lights all of last month through out egypt tell me you don 't know shit !	toxic
you 're talking out of your ass and you have a very simplistic view of international politics .	toxic
so you just come to r worldnews to be an ass hole ?	toxic
when living in a ghetto with no social mobility , that shit is bound to happen .	toxic
at least our land isn 't stuffed full of scary shit bent on murdering us .	toxic
i feel bad for them , but chimney sweepers went through the same shit after marry poppins .	toxic
i 'd have to get paid a pretty penny to sign up for that shit .	toxic
r worldnews is the shit hole of reddit , what can you expect really .	toxic
what a fucking gem you are !	toxic
mexico fucked up policing their turf , long before the drug war was started .	toxic
because it makes him a fucking hero to the far right .	toxic
lol you know how much this shit doesnt matter .	toxic
after reading about the san fernando massacres both of them , i say fuck 'em .	toxic
what the fuck internet ! youtube	toxic
because we learned a shit ton from nazi germany on how to propaganda .	toxic
bernie sanders isn 't obama , not unless he start getting shit tons of money for his campaign .	toxic
but threatening violence is not diplomacy shit , reminds me of the irgun	toxic
i know it hurts australian redditors' pride to admit this , but this shit is entirely australia 's doing .	toxic
"definitely gives it a bit more of a "" who gives a fuck "" feel"	toxic
"i 'm gonna treat you like a man ! "" fuck yeah , i 'm on his side ."	toxic
""" holy shit , these r coontown assholes are unbelievable ."	toxic
well that 's a real fuckin shame	toxic
you 're fucking right i would .	toxic
they pay like shit , what don 't you understand bro ?	toxic
yeah , fuck those people for obeying biological imperatives !	toxic
fuckin' up everything for everybody else .	toxic
who cares , fuck them all	toxic
yeah ! damn right they 're pissed .	toxic
fuckn' shit ! these are the same people who did this ! frontline - children of aleppo pbs	toxic
what a load of patronising , prejudiced shit .	toxic
all for immigration but europe 's gone to shit over the last decade .	toxic
ever heard of minding your own business you guys are not the fucking world police .	toxic
you make that with impunity and you may get your ass beat now and then .	toxic
he 's just regurgitating shit he heard from right wing radio .	toxic
but that 's just ignoring the rule that you don 't put your dick into crazy .	toxic
look at how alpha he is with his guns and shit .	toxic
"cue people bitching about "" nyur hur pig got what he deserved "" ."	toxic
shit post is a shit post .	toxic
the reddit hivemind gives no fucks about credibility .	toxic
fuck it 's just money and you 're talking about murdering someone over it ?	toxic
i laughed so hard that i shit in my wife 's pants .	toxic
the second part is the fucked up part for me .	toxic
think back to all the wars , they always took a beating they 're grumpy fucks for a reason	toxic
haha that shit looks like its done in the jihad version of ms paint .	toxic
the us is getting really close to disturbing shit from nazi germany .	toxic
proud to say that our state is much more financially healthy than our broke - ass neighbor , illinois .	toxic
they should be in prison and ass raped	toxic
you dip fucks blindly supported this shit because reddit said so .	toxic
""" implies kerry fucked up , which is going to give you karma ."	toxic
it fucking baffles me that there are actually opponents of the death penalty when cases such as this exist .	toxic
people are actually buying his shit ?	toxic
dog would get his ass kicked , but the effects of bear mace would be fun to watch .	toxic
edit fuck it they might as well just use baghdad .	toxic
wasn 't soul crushing here because i didn 't understand shit .	toxic
the moment people started posting shit comments like yours .	toxic
! get the fuck on the ground blam blam blam	toxic
same shit happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .	toxic
hey fuck you ! and stop stalking me !	toxic
&gt wall street really isn 't that corrupt quote of the fucking century right here	toxic
oh shit , that is amazing .	toxic
i don 't even know what to say about this shit .	toxic
cheap electronics ! ah fuck it , i 'd rather have healthcare .	toxic
fucking morons don 't know the difference between weather and climate .	toxic
welp , they 're going to see a lot of ass worshiping in my history if i ever run .	toxic
"your predictions aren 't worth shit and we all know it , "" weather man ."	toxic
and are then surprised when unexplainable shit happens again .	toxic
it would be more beneficial for you to go fuck yourself .	toxic
what the fuck are lawns ?	toxic
how dare they make a profit , those fucking criminals !	toxic
uber can go fuck itself .	toxic
&gt shit who elected this guy ?	toxic
what the fuck is the thinking behind all of this ?	toxic
oh shit , totally forgot about that .	toxic
even that title is a shit post .	toxic
i can 't understand how the fuck that happened with so many republicans backing the democrat .	toxic
for any further inquiries , i must refer you to u titties_and_ass .	toxic
oh look , this shit again .	toxic
fuck knows why i 'm even replying .	toxic
fuck off and check my comment history .	toxic
seriously , how can i vote for them if they keep pulling shit like this .	toxic
this shit needs to stop .	toxic
oh , i 'm sorry they spent all their money on two pointless fucking wars .	toxic
anyone really want to continue defending this pile of shit known as obamacare ?	toxic
actually , obama got a lot of shit done with these guys around .	toxic
no shit sherlock , that was literally the entire point of my comment	toxic
oh wait , you are just talking out of your ass and assuming what actually happened ? nevermind .	toxic
almost all real information gets sink down , while people discuss irrelevant shit	toxic
because everyone else should get paid shit because why ?	toxic
oh man you have got to check out netflix , that 'some day' is right fucking meow .	toxic
game was broken as fuck .	toxic
they 're just going to sit with their finger up their ass and complain like usual .	toxic
what the fuck do you care what people who love each other do ?	toxic
shit wasn 't free when the minimum wage was 100 .	toxic
the fucking 1 % owns the government .	toxic
idk , that corn syrup shit 's like 17 x as potent as natural sugar .	toxic
just because her kid fucked up doesn 't mean that she did .	toxic
it used to be cheap as shit .	toxic
because they have fucking restricted gun laws .	toxic
they know they 're wrong , they just don 't give a shit .	toxic
you just make shit up as you go along , don 't you ?	toxic
how about not showing up when aliens were fucking up new york	toxic
honestly how fucking hard is it to check your facts ?	toxic
train yourself to feel as though you have no fucks left to give .	toxic
but congress has been dragging its feet go fucking figure .	toxic
why can 't some suicidal fuck just take that family out ?	toxic
the fuck was i thinking ?	toxic
he 's better then the handful of retards that are running right now .	toxic
i have to hand it to the israel uber alles crowd , they have that shit down pat .	toxic
never buying their over priced shit ever again .	toxic
it 's good shit to know .	toxic
he was a massive cunt all round .	toxic
he could have pulled some eccentric shit * and * actually shed some light to his positions .	toxic
tough shit asshole - you got off light and deserve to suffer more for such a hate crime .	toxic
this shit is like clockwork .	toxic
so just keep on sucking dick ?	toxic
lol the massive democratic plan to lie and deceive to get the aca into law turns to shit	toxic
""" i * need * a fucking bagel ."	toxic
fuck the law and all those that uphold it to screw us over like this judge .	toxic
seriously , fuck those guys and their culture .	toxic
yo dawg i heard you like shit .	toxic
jam and preserves have all that extra shit in them .	toxic
shit is proper bipolar in here right now .	toxic
getting real tired of his shit too	toxic
* because we won * is a shit justification .	toxic
no party support=can 't get shit done .	toxic
too lax and people complain about shit content everywhere .	toxic
why the fuck are we recalling then shit out of these idiots ?	toxic
&gt looks like we won its not a fucking game .	toxic
""" give me liberty or look at my dick """	toxic
fucking give it to them .	toxic
i don 't give 64 fucks about that school or football .	toxic
ah yeah , i remembered that one train that had me confused as fuck .	toxic
you 're basically being the inverse of what you think they are when you say shit like this .	toxic
who the fuck let a 16 year old girl in the playboy mansion ?	toxic
pay no mind to them * all doing the same fucking thing *	toxic
shit , we need to use something bigger .	toxic
he is a dumb shit .	toxic
you get in trouble when you do dumb shit at work .	toxic
"what the fuck does "" nearly lied "" even mean ?"	toxic
you 'd think isis are already doing enough bad shit without having to just make things up .	toxic
if you don 't like me talking shit about cops	toxic
even though 65 % of the world wouldn 't give a shit .	toxic
they don 't give a shit about websites , it us netflix and hulu who are taking their business .	toxic
well i guess i 'm a jackwagon then , because i do not give a fuck .	toxic
at least start it on jan 11 st , you fucking asshole god .	toxic
i 'm fucking tired of isis and their shit .	toxic
there 's so much shit that would completely break down without a government .	toxic
a few years ago , shit was going crazy .	toxic
or you just have your head up your ass , very squarely	toxic
you don 't have to be a dick about it either	toxic
if you don 't like it , post your own shit .	toxic
we will copy the fuck out of your chromosomes with extreme prejudice .	toxic
it has to mean that those shit countries were doomed , islam or not .	toxic
i 'm not really giving a fuck .	toxic
don 't worry , s he is full of shit anyway .	toxic
what the fuck ! kenya is corrupt beyond belief	toxic
or , you know , he 's lying out his ass .	toxic
but then again , we did pretty messed up shit all over the timeline .	toxic
your a liberal fuck up .	toxic
""" i 've know several people who got caught up in this kind of shit ."	toxic
i 'll never know how geoege pulled that shit off with the situations he was in .	toxic
anyone who signs this shit is a traitor .	toxic
fuck the 53 th of july , let 's just be american and go on like everyone else .	toxic
you can 't even spell ! how the fuck do you know about nuclear energy .	toxic
fuck that , anyone who knows the republic of telly is more then welcome to stand me a pint .	toxic
at least keep that shit to yourself .	toxic
jon mcain is full of shit .	toxic
people are lucky as fuck to live there .	toxic
who the fuck cuts out part of the state of the union ?	toxic
these pieces of shit represent big business interests , not the people who elect them .	toxic
i will continue to lessen my footprint but shit like this just doesn 't scare me anymore .	toxic
fuck you , i fear nothing .	toxic
the rest is shit , i admit .	toxic
you 're fucking with my head ! ! ! ! !	toxic
and a big fuck you to russia too	toxic
ain 't nobody got time to save anyone 's ass around here .	toxic
that , and it 's super fucking worth it .	toxic
if we under react , we are fucked .	toxic
not to bitch , but i wish that more parents took this approach .	toxic
iran ? they fucking hate this piece of shit	toxic
"ferguson protester logic "" let 's steal and destroy shit so black people finally get respect ! """	toxic
yeah were at war in that country still , who fucking knew ?	toxic
your militaries history of fixing shit is amazing	toxic
all the shit you people bitch about , i never have to deal with .	toxic
and don 't say he can 't fucking do it .	toxic
what about the fucking un partition plan ?	toxic
fuck you for not doing anything about it .	toxic
""" biblical drought "" are you fucking retarded ?"	toxic
these people are fucking scum .	toxic
yea , get your commie fucking tax systems out of here !	toxic
flying the confederate flag is like a kid running around screaming pussy willow thinking he 's super clever .	toxic
not as important to sanders as doing his fucking job .	toxic
this shit has been going on longer than most people think .	toxic
there is no way this shit is real	toxic
what the fuck is he doing patrolling with his gun drawn ?	toxic
it 's all sorts of fucked up and wrong	toxic
that is very fucked up .	toxic
not to be an ass , but we know this money will go to the shopowner	toxic
wait , when the fuck did the us colonize cuba ?	toxic
good for you , do you want a fucking sticker ?	toxic
two sides of the same shit coin .	toxic
erbert and gerbert 's bread is the shit .	toxic
learning to shit in bathrooms rather than public streets .	toxic
then , if this is still a thing , we 're fucked .	toxic
look at you , talking about shit you have no idea about .	toxic
shit , seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews .	toxic
it can from his ass , trust me .	toxic
shit maybe he is dead .	toxic
they don 't give a fuck , they get paid well and they 've got theirs .	toxic
the problem is that they 're all business and poli sci students a bunch of greedy fucks .	toxic
this subreddit is absolutely shit at telling the difference	toxic
i 'm honestly impressed as fuck by obama 's patience .	toxic
that 's some house of cards shit right there	toxic
biden is a fucking dickhead .	toxic
get your asses to kiev , asap ! we need your support !	toxic
fuck me , i * work * in one .	toxic
the nra sure as fuck doesn 't .	toxic
"in my experience , government contractor generally means "" fuck it money doesn 't matter """	toxic
all this fucking talk about climate change , does anybody seriously try to change things ?	toxic
the establishment of either party does not * give a fuck * what we need .	toxic
we could reality tv that shit .	toxic
fuck the victim , she 's suing target because somehow it 's their fault that she got stabbed .	toxic
shit , looks like kansas is going to annex the rest of the us .	toxic
that 's condescending as fuck , don 't have a strategy there .	toxic
also , popping them out hurts like a bitch .	toxic
thinks he 's all hip and shit with his little bloggy blog and petitions	toxic
nah just fuck islam is good enough .	toxic
they can fly their ass back to mecca and stay there .	toxic
whether it 's a religion or some other fucked up club of crazy people doesn 't matter .	toxic
im saying what the fuck right now .	toxic
so rest happy knowing that guy is still getting fucked and struggling to have a decent life .	toxic
and the guards will get fucked	toxic
he treats other black people like shit too .	toxic
you should probably look up the definition of terrorism you ignorant little twat	toxic
when the fuck did the republican party cross the pacific ? ? !	toxic
written at a time when the most advanced firearm was a fucking * musket * .	toxic
i 've always wondered , how the fuck did they come to that conclusion in the first place ?	toxic
if you loved your dog you 'd fucking notice , and no one sleeps for over 15 hours .	toxic
it might be fucked up , but rmoney is correct .	toxic
holy fuck comments in this tread are bad .	toxic
fuck the united states ! yay !	toxic
you are defending cunts now ?	toxic
the main difference is that nobody is going to go suck some dicks for camel lights .	toxic
fuck i just drove from milan to zurich 5 days ago !	toxic
he 's just fucking with us at this point , right ?	toxic
and it 's entirely too fucking long .	toxic
&gt they fucked that up and now an innocent baby 's life is ruined .	toxic
edit fucking reddit , can 't handle facts .	toxic
north koreans love the fuck out of chocopies .	toxic
we 're all just so fucking sick of this .	toxic
they are satire accounts , jack ass	toxic
if i was abe i 'd name the new helicopter carrier the takagi masao , because fuck 'em .	toxic
what if had to take an epic shit ?	toxic
dea fucks with big pharm , it 's an outrage .	toxic
yeah , cause , fuck her sacrifice	toxic
the mls fucking is a setup .	toxic
doesn 't matter if zero fucks are given .	toxic
""" what the fuck is this ? ."	toxic
sshhh ! general butt - fucking naked might hear you .	toxic
fuck these commercials , play the music brian .	toxic
lets hope some rioters dont choke a fucking fear - mongering reporter .	toxic
org republicans are evil pieces of shit ! when will their voters learn to use google ?	toxic
but evil fucks for other reasons than this .	toxic
fuck it ! i 'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over .	toxic
you guys in this comment section are fucking disgusting .	toxic
this is just icing on the shit cake .	toxic
what makes you think he 's as single - mindedly focussed on fucking as you appear to be ?	toxic
how the fuck is mj still a schedule 44 drug ?	toxic
seems that people are implying that because china is more fucked up then we aren 't	toxic
the fucking title is clickbaity , it says it reaches the decision but still is unannounced publicly .	toxic
i am a guy and i would not fucking * dare * to hitchhike through turkey alone .	toxic
honey bees don 't give a shit	toxic
the truth hurts when you 're constantly trying to spin shit .	toxic
the article claims that we have 50 years before the shit hits the fan	toxic
shit , i forgot this is about elephants .	toxic
what the fuck is a point ?	toxic
fucking pete king is a moderate now ?	toxic
fucking hypocrite - how about you grow up and get used to democracy ?	toxic
no , otherwise you 'd be speaking german and the whole world would be fucked .	toxic
why the fuck would the us just assume something that massive ?	toxic
even knowing that it wasn 't * really * my fault still would fuck my head up something bad .	toxic
its just dumb luck that whoever did this isn 't clever enough to have really stirred some shit up	toxic
the hose is in the tunnel , i 'm lighting these ass cracks up ! our teamwork is fine	toxic
"when this shit is deciphered it will be like the end of "" a hundred years of solitude """	toxic
do not let those fucking narcissitic neo cons spin this .	toxic
my guess is you don 't wear the insignia in a war zone for shits and giggles .	toxic
do they not just burn that shit in an incinerator ?	toxic
! what the fuck do you think he was saying ? ? ?	toxic
fuck that boobs are the tits just pay them !	toxic
i forgot the name of that piece of shit already .	toxic
this all was just fucking pointless wasn 't it ?	toxic
"yet they still say stupid shit , like "" yup let 's ban encryption "" ."	toxic
and it 's sometimes hard as fuck trying to become one as well .	toxic
we can write checks and our ass * * can * * cash them .	toxic
until we do so drastically , this shit will continue .	toxic
no , it 's shit from superman !	toxic
yeah , fuck the thousands of workers that would be unemployed if the entire company was shut down .	toxic
fuck the hell out of that party .	toxic
i don 't like the sounds of being ass fucked by those three .	toxic
it 's just a shit country that has no way out .	toxic
you mean talk out of their ass ?	toxic
""" didn 't we already kick your ass 38 years ago or something ? """	toxic
lol what the fuck am i saying xd	toxic
hard to wash their fucking murderous hands when they just made and deleted a facebook post about it !	toxic
guess you missed that shooting a shit ton of cops in canada last week .	toxic
leave that shit at the ukip rallies would ya ?	toxic
i 'm left with about $30 after all the fuckin' bills are paid .	toxic
but hey i was drunk , don 't put that shit all on me .	toxic
i almost shit my pants .	toxic
that would be fuckin sweet !	toxic
if we were to look at those fools in congress , most of them are old as fuck .	toxic
stay the fuck out of the middle east .	toxic
my poem snowden didn 't reveal shit google 90 minutes tsa echelon transcript .	toxic
my question is how fucked up do you have to be to send some d - bag to d	toxic
it 's not black guys buying that overpriced shit	toxic
this shit happens every single time someone either bashes or praises something on reddit .	toxic
you just summed up how fucking stupid politics is in one comment	toxic
who the fuck would deny that ?	toxic
but wait , i 'm constantly told that reagan is a good for nothing piece of shit .	toxic
cause they are fucking pussies obviously	toxic
we raise a shit ton of livestock .	toxic
fuck off with your shitty puns .	toxic
who the fuck makes decisions like that ?	toxic
a shit ton of therapy would do these girls a little better though	toxic
there is one son of a bitch laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states .	toxic
sympathy is nice but it means jack shit if it doesn 't help enact change .	toxic
i cant fucking stand that guy .	toxic
i 'm here to bitch about people who bitch about people who bitch .	toxic
if your only concern is about being right you 're kind of a dick	toxic
or maybe i should clean and wash diplomat asses to earn that equivalent amount of money .	toxic
they 're like a fucking anchor on the nhs dragging it down and its only gonna get worse .	toxic
stop buying cheap shit and get those f - 48 s	toxic
my fucking planet , follow my rules , or gtfo .	toxic
i can 't believe people exist who believe that shit .	toxic
no , you are a cunt .	toxic
does the pope shit in the woods .	toxic
those parents are complete dicks .	toxic
yeah , who the fuck cares ?	toxic
any rape charge falls to shit when you whip out the video	toxic
i don 't think putin really gives a shit .	toxic
i 'm sure you could kick ass at drinking games by being close to sober .	toxic
we 'd order shit and wouldn 't get it for months , if ever .	toxic
the pope is really fucking shit up here in philly .	toxic
okay , that 's fucked up ! thanks for clarification .	toxic
i love when countries blow smoke out of their asses because they cant take a joke .	toxic
seriously every time i hear this guy open his mouth its just more and more shit .	toxic
i think no adult is fucking him , that 's the problem .	toxic
we 're raising kids to be pussies .	toxic
fucking op doesn 't even read the article he submits .	toxic
non violent protests don 't get shit done .	toxic
so your solution to make them like women is , stick your dick up their butt ?	toxic
how about obama drags netanyahus nazi ass to haig next week .	toxic
dear gop - in this article , jeffrey toobin is fucking with you .	toxic
she gets a pussy pass because she 's a women .	toxic
good , we don 't want your shit sold here anyway .	toxic
i bet you if i fucked chris rock , i could get him to pay my visa bill .	toxic
now i 'm here calling you a twat even though i think it 's probable that she was lying .	toxic
for fucks sake , we are pro abortion here dude .	toxic
i 'm going to their fucking church and asking them to stop praying to their homophobe god .	toxic
who gives a shit about people getting killed by bombs , we must save the trees !	toxic
""" nah , nowadays russian communists is just another colour of shit in e political spectrum ."	toxic
you can 't get shit done without bribing someone .	toxic
as fucked up as it sounds i knew a dude that did exactly that .	toxic
the day i quit giving a fuck about my company 's problems , i 've been praised more .	toxic
but hey fuck perspective , these two guys can 't play soccer anymore .	toxic
and i 'm all out of ass .	toxic
how the fuck can you over dramatize this	toxic
why the fuck they won 't go to the polls is beyond me .	toxic
you 've got to be shitting me .	toxic
normal housewalls in my town are sometimes full of shit like swastiskas or antifa stuff .	toxic
egypt , on the other hand , can go full assad on gaza and nobody will give a fuck .	toxic
i got so much shit , i found myself telling people i was canadian a few times .	toxic
a republican poses a budget that has a minimal deficit increase and it is a fuck up ?	toxic
they can change their fucking definition .	toxic
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just fucking standing there .	toxic
this shit is actually getting upvoted ?	toxic
you can bet your ass that most of us are fluent in profane , * fuck yeah * .	toxic
i fucking love the aussies .	toxic
america treats the working class like dog shit .	toxic
i lost my fuckin health care due to barry .	toxic
anyone else see that really short guy in camo pants ? fucking hilarious	toxic
did you use that diploma to wipe your ass with yet ?	toxic
let 's see if obama vetos this shit .	toxic
no one voted on that shit .	toxic
edit lol where the fuck did you go dude ?	toxic
the fuck , is that thing for real ?	toxic
what the fuck are you on about ?	toxic
they run education and they do shit like this constantly .	toxic
welcome to the middle east bitch .	toxic
i didn 't vote in romney vs obama but i 'll probably get my ass out for this one .	toxic
that would be such a mind fuck the criminals wouldn 't know what to do	toxic
anyone else worried about donald sutherland and morgan freeman bombing the shit out of texas ?	toxic
holy shit they are still together ? wtf ? why ?	toxic
europeans don 't want shit from ukraine .	toxic
gonna be a bitch to fix if it all goes wrong though	toxic
a crusade against fucking money saving lightbulbs no less	toxic
tough shit , the bankers didn 't break the law .	toxic
go read the fucking case	toxic
making shit up isn 't quite their style .	toxic
if you worked with murderers and rapists everyday you too would give many fucks about pensions and immunity .	toxic
cola adjustments have shit to do with this story .	toxic
fucking dumb illegals all pissed because they don 't get their way .	toxic
what the fuck happened to the reddit userbase in the spring of 59 ?	toxic
well before all this shit .	toxic
and * no one * fucks with my family .	toxic
i wondered the same fucking thing .	toxic
i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read that shit ?	toxic
holy fuck that cop was actling like he was at a hostage situation .	toxic
golf does not have to happen or be available in the fucking state of california .	toxic
the dick head that wore a uniform to his trial when he wasn 't in the services anymore .	toxic
if some of this shit happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me	toxic
\> you will never have a bought baby pet who bites you in the ass sometimes why live ?	toxic
this is how wealthy pieces of dog shit get around laws that apply to poor people .	toxic
our story is singular , but our destiny is shit .	toxic
don 't really want to fill all my info in and get fucked .	toxic
they do it all the time , they get cops in the crowd and they start the shit	toxic
here come the babyboomers , as if they have not fucked enough up .	toxic
i miss the old carlo kopp , he had some damn good insights before he lost his damn mind .	toxic
you don 't fuck with banks' money .	toxic
who gives a shit where this idiot is born ?	toxic
com it 's because republicans fucking cheat .	toxic
why the fuck does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people ?	toxic
beer built those fucking pyramids .	toxic
shit like that always happens at very close range .	toxic
how the fuck is a company not allowed to sell a product ?	toxic
why the bloody fucking hell do you brits allow this shit in your country ?	toxic
far easier to compare it to the soviet union , same shit different wrapping	toxic
urban warfare is a bitch .	toxic
shit , that 's an entirely different thread .	toxic
i 'm going to politely ask that you stop insulting lying sacks of shit .	toxic
we don 't know jack shit about space .	toxic
dae spies do spy shit ! ? ! ? !	toxic
we 're gonna fuck this up aren 't we	toxic
is this a fucking game to them ?	toxic
they should attempt to invade finland again , so this shit would finally end .	toxic
fuck everything , i 'm moving to antarctica .	toxic
stay the fuck out of english hospitals	toxic
i had no vote or voice in electing the people who were hot to send my ass to vietnam .	toxic
""" fucking hilarious , goy , my shekkels are in orbit ."	toxic
then after watching a few , i really started to realize how fucking * weird * that shit is .	toxic
perhaps you should start by fucking off .	toxic
allah must think they are a bunch of pussies .	toxic
your cock gets near me , and i will melt it with a fucking laser .	toxic
"i laughed so fucking hard when "" extreme "" was 18 ."	toxic
or is it just the joy of fucking their home nation over ?	toxic
democrats would not yet still fuck it up a bit .	toxic
it isn 't the same fucking thing .	toxic
don 't have to deal with this shit .	toxic
putin is full of shit and we all know it .	toxic
i was always pretty certain that that shit crashed in the ocean .	toxic
holy shit man this deserves gold .	toxic
why would you shit in your hand ?	toxic
i certainly couldn 't give two shits .	toxic
but holy shit , we spend 80 per credit hour .	toxic
in the words of george carlin the planet is doing fine , it 's the people that are fucked .	toxic
how the fuck did i miss that story ? !	toxic
reread the thread you ignorant fuck .	toxic
and you don 't know shit about nothing .	toxic
blanking coke or any fast food is fucking horseshit	toxic
the planet doesn 't give a rats ass about us .	toxic
oh , right , they fucking haven 't .	toxic
yeah , because russia 's a fucking utopia .	toxic
seriously , what the fuck are you going to do with your ar - 92 against an airstrike .	toxic
they better not fuck with green man !	toxic
absolutely fucking love the sheer amount of armchair dieticians and nutritional science experts nowadays .	toxic
that 's where the fucking plane is .	toxic
that 's like a fucking two dollar bill	toxic
shit , another 20 years would send us into a pre - industrial era economy .	toxic
they get a fucking pittance , just enough to survive .	toxic
glad i left this ass backwards state when i did .	toxic
why are universities convening courts for this shit ?	toxic
if a waitress is making $15 an hour , bitch doesn 't need tips .	toxic
these fucking comments are toxic .	toxic
when they do shit like this .	toxic
would you eat a meal that was 55 % shit ?	toxic
would have short sold the shit out of these stocks	toxic
and fuck i am proud of my nation .	toxic
our entire reputation would go to shit	toxic
nobody gives a fuck about your internet habits	toxic
who the fuck is talking about full employment ?	toxic
holy fuck you must be like fifteen , maybe twenty years old .	toxic
stop being an ass good advice , you should take it .	toxic
ill bring gordon ramsey to cook for us bitches .	toxic
""" i was told there would be bitches "" ."	toxic
i see enough 'thanks obama' quotes for shit that 's not his fault .	toxic
they are both full of shit and we don 't want those jobs .	toxic
it 's not the government that just needs change , the whole western system is corrupt and fucked .	toxic
yeah people will lose their shit either way	toxic
depends on if he has a child like ass	toxic
! how about you stop bombing shit and focus on peace making ? ! ? !	toxic
that 's one - third of the planet not giving a fuck on top of all the other problems	toxic
we arent even on the same fucking continent .	toxic
you know , so he can be fucking effective ?	toxic
with the statement to use their device with ugly ass ui to bring up the hbo content .	toxic
still really fucked up regardless .	toxic
why worry about shits that doesn 't really affect me ?	toxic
fuck , sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system .	toxic
seriously i was all like , that some independence day shit .	toxic
"oregon 's state motto "" blow it out your ass , montana ! """	toxic
these retarded hipsters have no clue what selinux is .	toxic
which is used to cook with and shit	toxic
it got cancelled because it was over budget and the schedule was already fucked up .	toxic
what an incredibly retarded comment .	toxic
i 'm glad the president unilaterally decided to do this , cause fuck congress and laws	toxic
you sound like a pretentious cunt , i 'm not replying to anything else you say	toxic
fucking gold worthy comment right here .	toxic
and that is why she is a bitch .	toxic
this shit is rampant across christian - africa , though .	toxic
note that all obama 's appointees voted for this piece of shit .	toxic
do you really think aliens give a fuck about us ? lel	toxic
! you gotta be shitting me .	toxic
where do you blind ass simpletons come from ?	toxic
these people are fucked in the head .	toxic
so who the fuck thought this was a good idea ?	toxic
i agree , but still a hypocritical piece of shit .	toxic
i got tired of poeple and friends starting shit with eack other .	toxic
they don 't give a shit about it other than how it can increase their bottom line .	toxic
oh shit , better watch out for them awoiaf	toxic
everyone who supports obama and thus this is a fucking scumbag .	toxic
this shit needs to stop , now !	toxic
sometimes you have to give up being an entitled piece of shit for a reasonable cause .	toxic
the guy shouldn 't have pulled a fucking knife then	toxic
if assad wasn 't such a dick then involvement would not be necessary .	toxic
no we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of fucking manhattan was rocked .	toxic
how the fuck do people not see something wrong with for profit prisons .	toxic
"how the fuck did the west "" rush to support "" them ?"	toxic
yeah fuck those tax exempt non profits that do great things for the world .	toxic
because of fucking corruption in fifa .	toxic
you talking shit about kebab ?	toxic
fuck it , i 'm sticking with it .	toxic
how in the fuck do they know what a mountain finds disrespectful ?	toxic
can 't they hook up their projector to a fucking chromecast ?	toxic
fuck letting walmart anywhere near the cannabis industry .	toxic
nato isn 't gonna do shit if russia stops being nice .	toxic
this is the exact kind of shit they are worried about .	toxic
fuck i wish i could move to norway .	toxic
and , are terrible shit hole states to live in .	toxic
"i 'm on that "" fuck it "" lifestyle now ."	toxic
why did we elect this cunt ?	toxic
this is why society is fucked up .	toxic
large corporate entity takes a shit on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status	toxic
""" you gettin' this shit dave ? """	toxic
why would you fucking do anything else ?	toxic
fuck now that song is stuck in my head .	toxic
elected officials don 't give a shit about what electorate have to say .	toxic
instead of making the police police the police sweet , a third party entity should be doing that shit .	toxic
not giving a fuck is one thing .	toxic
let 's stay on the topic at hand because this shit is straight out of house of cards .	toxic
because the conservitive runners usually are also for shit i am against .	toxic
it just happens that nobody gives a shit about those countries .	toxic
bush took a vibrant economy and turned it to shit for those who are not super rich .	toxic
what the fuck kind of mentality is that .	toxic
cops that want to fuck with people don 't choose city council members .	toxic
shit nashville is still in the league eh .	toxic
a 56 second needle is fucking * nothing * , dude .	toxic
we 're going to get fucked soon , big time .	toxic
then that constitution is shit .	toxic
go fucking google it or something .	toxic
usa - always fucking shit up in other countries .	toxic
why because i know my fucking history ? ?	toxic
the shit her own country does is just as bad , if not worse .	toxic
i mean the credit reporting shit is pretty corrupted on its own .	toxic
we all fucking know it .	toxic
why the living fuck didn 't they secure the area ?	toxic
no compromise on the left either ya fucking tool	toxic
meanwhile unemployment is at 21 % and people are happy working part time shit jobs	toxic
god i fucking love that movie i wonder why ? youtube	toxic
"if you let the "" free market "" decide everything , people are going to get fucked"	toxic
ok so she 's fucked and thought she was pulling a fast one basically .	toxic
he 's also the little shit who fucking loves the seahawks .	toxic
or are you bitching just to be an asshole ?	toxic
"why the fuck does this interest the "" world "" ?"	toxic
that is one of the most retarded articles i 've read in my life .	toxic
muslims are like christians , you get the nice ones and the cunts .	toxic
they need to get their shit together and fix their own nation first .	toxic
so now conservatives give a shit about these kids ?	toxic
shit , i got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours .	toxic
org and no one seems to care about that , but this is huge huge fucking news	toxic
i wish people would stop looking at this shit like doctors were asking to ban diet soda .	toxic
what the fuck kind of world is this guy living in .	toxic
the older generation obviously doesn 't give a fuck if we all starve .	toxic
water canons can be fucked up .	toxic
that 's some next level shit right there	toxic
no shit , just like cases of theft that go unreported aren 't counted in crime statistics .	toxic
"i do not give a shit what the nsa says is "" legal "" ."	toxic
holy shit , i 'd be all about that .	toxic
how in the fuck is she a libertarian ?	toxic
don 't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out .	toxic
it 's that asshole cop that fucked up .	toxic
what the fuck did japan ever do to anyone in the middle east ?	toxic
oh , well then why the fuck are you assuming anything about their level of comfort with extremists ?	toxic
get that cowboy shit out of your head .	toxic
speaking as a person who is 37 37 cherokee i dont give a shit .	toxic
they didn 't build a lot of big , expensive shit .	toxic
do you really think they give a shit , what and were you hold your assets ?	toxic
"not giving a fuck is more along the line with "" someone else will deal with it """	toxic
this is fucking nuts , the disneyfication of new york is complete .	toxic
what kind of fucked up world is this where you need a paper trail of your sexual history ?	toxic
not to mention bat shit crazy	toxic
holy shit , i have the best idea ever .	toxic
holy fuck these guys in particular are fixated	toxic
fking just fucking stop it .	toxic
fuck ya ! get 'em good and extra judiciously .	toxic
i am over reading this shit .	toxic
fuck , now i want to place alpha centauri .	toxic
fuck 10 10 we need jobs	toxic
cuba is fuckin it up .	toxic
yep i 'm having a shit day .	toxic
yeah , google doesn 't give a fuck except that it 's come out .	toxic
holy shit , they blew up a real artifact this time ?	toxic
name one fucking rapist that got enough jail time to match the crime .	toxic
if a state tried to secede now you bet your ass our army would be there .	toxic
that 's why certain parts are rapidly becoming shit holes leicester was lost years back	toxic
how the * * fuck * * is this considered anything close to legal ?	toxic
do we not go because our team sucks or because no one in canada gives a shit about soccer ?	toxic
why ? the kind of people who are gonna pull this shit have no reason to come here .	toxic
at a - 81 star retreat , just what police to who do similar or worse shit deserve .	toxic
holy shit they actually did it .	toxic
buying a fuckin raffle ticket lol	toxic
hey ! that 's fucked up , i don 't even like cheetos	toxic
in the fucking dark ages .	toxic
and there are people here defending this shit .	toxic
* it 's the same fucking thing .	toxic
and natural gas is largely composed of methane , which is 55 fucking times as bad as co2 .	toxic
if no one is able to do shit in this world , fuck them all then .	toxic
they still fucked up though .	toxic
it doesn 't say shit about texans but it says a hell of alot about the sboe .	toxic
even al qaeda gets a fucking vacation	toxic
"more of this "" texas is the future "" shit ."	toxic
i 'm still trembling in my hands what the fuck	toxic
look at all the shit they 've pulled i	toxic
the us aren 't an advanced country , that 's why that shit happens there .	toxic
where the fuck are you living ? !	toxic
i wish some of these supposed community leaders would get on there soapbox and decry these fucking acts .	toxic
where the fuck do i sign up ?	toxic
that way they continue to fuck isis and support the kurds .	toxic
what the fuck is this comment even supposed to mean ?	toxic
they need to buy their own shit .	toxic
he 's already partially fucked , he 's been accused , that 's all it takes .	toxic
they can do whatever the fuck they want except not wear a sheet over their head .	toxic
i hate reading this shit .	toxic
why would you not read it and thing 'holy shit , the party has got it figured out .	toxic
op , your title is shit .	toxic
holy shit if everyone having kids in their 97 s ?	toxic
i have serious fucking doubts that they wouldn 't do this .	toxic
bush acted on fucking worthless cia info .	toxic
shoulda drew a dick on her and called in juice brenner .	toxic
though they did throw a lot of shit at him and some of it looked kinda big o	toxic
this is 37 % accurate , fuck the downvoters	toxic
it won 't really mean shit .	toxic
these days you can find apologists for fucking anything .	toxic
shit , sometimes i can 't do it .	toxic
more like what the fuck is happening in this thread ? ?	toxic
it 's a total shit show and they still want another .	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with this world ?	toxic
if they used it , they are responsible for it , this is fucking primetime television , not r conspiracy	toxic
i don 't give a shit what you 'd do with the german flag .	toxic
if it 's not israel shitting on the palestinians then reddit doesn 't care .	toxic
what a shit job that must be .	toxic
speed walking are you fucking kidding me i	toxic
sounds like johnson is full of shit .	toxic
jesus , 61 trillion is a big ass number	toxic
holy shit , imagine if they were .	toxic
the supreme court haven 't penalized shit .	toxic
i was being a smart ass .	toxic
i don 't give a shit down vote me to hell but fuck what this country is turning to .	toxic
it hurts how judgemental assholes view them , and no one gives a shit about that .	toxic
if what you mean by presidential is a true chicken shit , then we are in agreement .	toxic
feel free to downvote me fuck face .	toxic
you just want to fuck hot women don 't you ?	toxic
shit was the funniest thing i 've seen in a long time .	toxic
neither party gives a shit about the common american .	toxic
to put it simply , they want the west to start shit with them .	toxic
i mean you can beat someone for being a peice of shit , not that it is right .	toxic
the embassy workers are going on strike because their salaries are shit .	toxic
damn government be after mah dick !	toxic
what a dumb fucking argument .	toxic
nsfw here is a real girl and her real ass fbcdn - sphotos - h - a	toxic
man , what a fucking piece of shit .	toxic
it 's the fucking iraqi air force .	toxic
you can bet your ass i 'm going to see this movie .	toxic
we don 't give a fuck about your psn or xbox live	toxic
i found it ironic as fuck	toxic
how about the united states fucking government ?	toxic
they 're too evil and guilty of actual crimes and fucking people over .	toxic
this shit is like a south park episode .	toxic
if we did , we wouldn 't be having these fucking problems .	toxic
sure would put some pressure on active cops to not fuck up , now , wouldn 't it ?	toxic
majority of world wouldn 't do this kind of shit .	toxic
fuck bho that shit is poison	toxic
""" those are big fucking tiers ."	toxic
the fucking title of the article that gas prices have been dropping ? ? ?	toxic
discrimination is still alive for sure but making up shit to jump on the sympathy wagon is just bullshit .	toxic
no fucking way someone figures that out .	toxic
try to build shit on your own property .	toxic
i am a lawn chair expert and i say this article is fear shitting and exaggerating mangos .	toxic
"it 's right - wing orwellian doublespeak for "" fuck those commie union sonsabitches "" ."	toxic
the most fucked up i 've heard is the bullet ants one .	toxic
what 's more he is a dick within a position of power .	toxic
this pc shit needs to stop .	toxic
as a squishy fucking mage .	toxic
i don 't know why the fuck people are downvoting me .	toxic
he and any child who deals with shit like that is a hero .	toxic
if we vote out of the eu we 're fucked .	toxic
then why can 't i fucking buy beer on sunday mornings ?	toxic
this just put shit in perspective for me	toxic
get the fuck out of the road .	toxic
respawn is for pussies , he 's playing on hardcore diificulty .	toxic
at least we get a small ass picture of the damn without the guy , so there 's that .	toxic
yet some how i don 't give a shit !	toxic
it 's fucked up when montana is the voice of reason	toxic
this guy 's just a dick .	toxic
except you didnt hear anything about them for an entire week until people started burning shit down .	toxic
no transparency , no accountability , no integrity , no ethics , not a single fuck given .	toxic
they 've got their shit together .	toxic
mccain would have voted 'fuck ted cruz' if he could , but had to settle for 'yes' .	toxic
but you know what we haven 't fucked up yet ?	toxic
well , we assume it was them or some other group of fundamentalist islamic fuck wads .	toxic
? if it feels good shit happens why not show it on camera .	toxic
if that not getting the fuck beat out of them then i dont know what is .	toxic
because it 's someone 's ass if something like this happens by accident .	toxic
it also completely fucked over my grandmother , forcing her to pay $500 m for health insurance .	toxic
hahaha i was on the way out when they starting to get strict with that dumb shit .	toxic
most of the people complaining obamacare fucked them , did not understand how terrible their plans were .	toxic
no , your government just doesn 't give a shit you and does this to protects its own interests .	toxic
and that is one profoundly fucked up story .	toxic
and its a damn good day to be an alabama redneck .	toxic
when they have to face a real legal team , they fucking choke	toxic
and i thought south park was just making shit up .	toxic
why the seething hatred for this cunt nugget ?	toxic
aircraft carriers don 't mean shit , if the american economy society are in the fucking garbage can .	toxic
its like somebody buying a 81 x4 to compensate , nobody gives a shit until they hit somebody .	toxic
"the writers for "" house of cards "" couldn 't even come up with this shit ."	toxic
always a face tattoo with this type of shit .	toxic
i wish they were just yelling nonsense instead of fucking up the city .	toxic
in what fucked up world is a 33 year old with severe mental illness an adult ?	toxic
can 't watch any of the good shit .	toxic
unfortunately , until the younger generation actually starts giving a shit , this will continue unabated .	toxic
noone earned 95 fuckin billion dollars	toxic
who the * fuck * can relax their body when they 're being torn apart by a german shepherd ?	toxic
npr is full of shit .	toxic
write letters , do some shit .	toxic
he had the house and senate in 57 and shoved shit down our throats we never wanted .	toxic
no shit that 's the point	toxic
the election did not reflect nj 's true leanings , just that buono was a shit candidate .	toxic
fuck , pisses me off thinking about all these clowns .	toxic
then do something that adds value to the wold like shoveling shit or stripping .	toxic
do some research before talking shit	toxic
this kind of thinking is so fucked .	toxic
here 's a video of him , shit always cracked me up .	toxic
giant ass moats , been saving imperialistic nations' collective asses since the 54 's .	toxic
my relevant comment is that you 're dumb as fuck if you actually believe this shit .	toxic
who does that shit when nobody is watching .	toxic
for those days i got shit to do , just a happier commute .	toxic
really , any bandwidth intensive startup is fucked .	toxic
britain got carried across the finish line those lazy fucking red coats .	toxic
i am very liberal but this is fucking retarded .	toxic
he 's a junior senator for fucks sake .	toxic
you 're right , the media is just as shit as we are when it comes to facts .	toxic
i just keep losing shit in the solar system anytime i try to just hit mun .	toxic
get that latinum , bitches , gold pressed on swole .	toxic
fuck you hp , never again .	toxic
this shit is really kicking off isn 't it ?	toxic
yeah right there are no caves in the mediterranean to hide your ass rachid .	toxic
we do shit like that .	toxic
that 's a fucking bizarre target .	toxic
no one implies that you piece of shit .	toxic
you definitely can get herpes viral infection from a blob job or by a mosul sucking your dick .	toxic
they might just be soon enough if they don 't knock this shit off .	toxic
shit law is shit law .	toxic
who the fuck cares what newt gingrich has to say if it 's not about a moon base ?	toxic
they treat you like shit .	toxic
fine my ass , they take all your guns and your license to drive .	toxic
so because of a small minority we should give a shit ?	toxic
i mean dick fucking cheney , he must have been in the loop	toxic
that 's more than a truckload of shit .	toxic
you gotta inject that shit .	toxic
is she fucking buying $400 , 50 gallons of milk	toxic
how does this bitch still have a fucking job ?	toxic
people get addicted to that shit .	toxic
that 's kind of fucked up on his parents part .	toxic
i 'm sure most of his constituents are eating this shit - show up .	toxic
news outlets aren 't making shit .	toxic
most intelligent people are probably biased against this gestapo shit , so they have a bit of a point .	toxic
fuck lapd they should clean house like they did in camden new jersey .	toxic
at some point , the poor will get sick of this shit .	toxic
means that a riot is the symptom of an issue , not the solution well go fucking figure .	toxic
anytime you hear that you know something fucked up will follow .	toxic
he gives quite a few fucks .	toxic
people would never have the balls to say shit like this in real life .	toxic
i see you fucking everywhere .	toxic
they don 't give a shit about their communities because they never really grew up in one .	toxic
yeah , that 's like 36 years too old for shit like that .	toxic
stop your decisive shit and learn to fit into your adopted society - even if you were born there .	toxic
this cunt is no victim .	toxic
"not so much for any real political reason but because "" fuck you , we 're texas """	toxic
what the fuck is wrong with this guy .	toxic
google it you dumb ass , they 're on the fema website for christ 's sake .	toxic
i 'm sitting here in my calm german city contemplating about my fucking problems .	toxic
you should fuck off back to storm front .	toxic
fucking kidding me ? truly absurd	toxic
even more - why the fuck would a female american want to jon isis ?	toxic
dude , get a fucking clue .	toxic
"your conception of "" shit "" is profound ."	toxic
holy shit , what 's wrong with you ?	toxic
or , y 'know , a sizable amount of young people get off their asses and vote	toxic
i was so fuckin high , it was amazing .	toxic
tough shit , pay your bills .	toxic
this isn 't even like , a complete thought you fucking tumblrina	toxic
you know its a shit law when amanada todds mom spoke out against it .	toxic
are you retarded or just a little slow ?	toxic
there was a time when it was considered fucking retarded to use your irl identity online .	toxic
thats some shit out of boondock saints	toxic
what a crock of shit , it 's a game .	toxic
they get their boner problem fixed and we don 't have to see those fucking commercials anymore	toxic
at least you agree that legally , she 's fucked .	toxic
fuck what the jury thinks , this guy should be in prison ?	toxic
- holy shit this thread is retarded	toxic
holy shit , boehner does have a spine	toxic
all of that while you burn fucking dead dinosaurs that pollute the fucking air .	toxic
com but still > people on reddit are fucking nuts .	toxic
downvoted for being a fucking fascist !	toxic
it 's sad but she was probably parked like shit .	toxic
to be fair , peter hitchens is a twat .	toxic
yeah that epa and laws shit ?	toxic
west baltimore is a shit show .	toxic
yeh an all them forreners eatin ah swans n shit	toxic
for example i don 't give a shit about your opinions , yet you still comment .	toxic
edit nevermind , he 's a fucking troll .	toxic
where the fuck in that poll does it say give aid ?	toxic
israel must be in some deep shit damned if you do , damned if you don 't .	toxic
* when the usa do fucked up shit , thousands hundreds of thousands millions of civilians die en	toxic
very few people give any shits at all .	toxic
you don 't have to have kids to see how fucked up this is .	toxic
it 's more likely a political stance by non supporters than the common people giving two shits .	toxic
i think this cop already feels like shit .	toxic
most laws fuck over non - criminals	toxic
unrelated to this thread but fuck that movie so much .	toxic
wait you were being sarcastic , fuck .	toxic
can 't get past bull shit new york times paywall .	toxic
where ? i bought a 63 mm for 63 after all the taxes and shit .	toxic
you mean espn , which was bought by abc in 96 , is shit ?	toxic
i mean , shit , at least go the easy route and pay a likable retired sports star .	toxic
r worldnews germany destroys brazil what the fuck ?	toxic
hamas is also widely recognized as a terrorist group , so protesting against them is redundant as fuck .	toxic
"isis has changed their name to "" mongols "" russia 's fucked ."	toxic
yeah brilliant idea who gives a fuck about innocent civilians ?	toxic
or heck , couldn 't it also be argued that it 's a fucking poptart ?	toxic
"the problem i find is that most of my friends who smoke view vaping as "" for pussies "" ."	toxic
well fuck you too , cbs .	toxic
the god damn country has gone mad .	toxic
edit 13 keep 'em coming , cunts .	toxic
plot twist putin has cancer and he gives zero fucks and destroys the world just for fun .	toxic
fucking quality , had to eat it with a fork .	toxic
that 's literally the stupidest fucking thing i 've ever heard .	toxic
this guy is a fucking dumbshit	toxic
rake that shit , hoas say	toxic
fuck me , we 're falling behind everywhere .	toxic
hamas is winning this battle despite the gazan death toll because hamas doesn 't give two fucks about gazans .	toxic
and this is why turkey doesn 't give a fuck about your ideas .	toxic
there are much more simple ways for terrorists to fuck us if they really wanted .	toxic
it 's hard to say you did it for freedom , but then fled to fucking russia .	toxic
fuck , that 's a bit too close for comfort .	toxic
what happened to the angsty little punk - asses ?	toxic
fuck ever happened to marching ?	toxic
you guys are fucking nuts , man .	toxic
why don 't u get off you 're ass and protest that .	toxic
they write some fucked up regulations for businesses , small farms and pass crazy weird tax laws .	toxic
this shit would happen regardless .	toxic
we 're a fucked up species .	toxic
i even know the fuckin national flower and shit they make in kaesong .	toxic
nobody gives a shit what old men from over 68 years ago said about anything , thanks .	toxic
fuck i thought this comment was the usual mra noise .	toxic
and the ira fucking murdered people .	toxic
come on down ya cunts i 'll drink ya 's under the table	toxic
it 's not really that fucked up you compare it to anywhere else in the world .	toxic
good thing they 're not in the g7 , dip shit .	toxic
you really have to wonder how many republicans actually believe the shit that rolls out of their mouths .	toxic
it 's less shrinking middle class - more terrible ass traffic .	toxic
if you don 't know shit about judaism , why even bother responding ?	toxic
i want you to fuck off .	toxic
this comment section is a fucking disgrace .	toxic
we need to go kick their asses .	toxic
several of my friends pissed themselves because they were so fucking terrified of her .	toxic
they also fucking love doing heroin .	toxic
reddit really is full of ignorant fucks	toxic
man go somewhere and fuck yourself .	toxic
well shit - by all means exterminate them then .	toxic
that sick fuck is going to be out in 54 years .	toxic
no one gives a shit about your prime minister but you guys .	toxic
have fun being a cunt i guess	toxic
even if you do that , you can legally get your ass beat and thrown in jail .	toxic
i would vote the shit out of you .	toxic
he 's fucking with exit polls , there 's a con in there somewhere .	toxic
a question this utterly retarded , deserves no answer .	toxic
they 're trying to make you shit your pants every time you hear their name .	toxic
"i don 't get why people don 't just google "" boston space saver snow "" or some shit ."	toxic
it doesn 't , but the police still end up looking like jack asses .	toxic
christ you people are retarded .	toxic
fuck you both for beating me to the punch .	toxic
""" he 's already 87 , give him a fucking coors already ! "" "" are you shitting me ?"	toxic
if a guy punches the shit out of me i should have every right to fucking have him .	toxic
gross abuse of authority like that ought to be fucking criminal .	toxic
yes , star wars legos are the shit .	toxic
"this is the "" dumb "" shit they 're laughing at"	toxic
no seriously you 're fucking retarded	toxic
christians love to shit on the pope .	toxic
shit we probably literally blow that up in a week .	toxic
the garbage that is being created by cnn and other news agencies is outrageous .	toxic
delete the page and shut up	toxic
this is a free country that protectsamendment rights from little commies like you .	toxic
clinton is a loser , twice .	toxic
some idiots no longer believe in national sovereignty .	toxic
im more likely to switch back to conservative than vote for these clowns .	toxic
lewis now wears a small hat on his fat head .	toxic
your protests are meaningless and pathetic at this point .	toxic
this is why i gave up teaching , because of fucking retards like you !	toxic
only stupid people would think that .	toxic
you can have your stinking office building .	toxic
jezz you people are really starting to look stupid now	toxic
what the fuck is your problem ?	toxic
the trump supporters are too stupid to understand this .	toxic
because , through our education system and the media , we have been dazzled by bullshit .	toxic
who the fck put you in charge .	toxic
pick up a history book sometime , and read the damn thing .	toxic
grow a brain , each of you .	toxic
and i dont even know who the fuck are you .	toxic
well said and damn right !	toxic
read the sign : report these losers .	toxic
nobody is forcing the players to protest , but someone is forcing them to listen to a crap song .	toxic
because they knew how dangerous and stupid it was to carry a gun around in public .	toxic
i cant believe other ignorant fools voted for him .	toxic
i am not looking out for my fellow man whose head is up his arse in his phone .	toxic
dang , now i have to actually read silly crap to post .	toxic
these clowns forget who they work for : the public .	toxic
cant wait for the usual idiots to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem .	toxic
i blame the idiot victims , who pick up china as a destination .	toxic
can we just delete this fucking section ?	toxic
now the damn government is involved which always leads to problems	toxic
do even the dumbest of the dumb think that this had no affect on donald trump winning the presidency ?	toxic
why did you remove my edit , you cancer ridden cunt .	toxic
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a ridiculous comment ?	toxic
this guy was a complete idiot .	toxic
that is not a friggen hat , it s called a cover you idiots .	toxic
somehow the state found the funding to be stupidly tough on crime .	toxic
there is no s in fifa its football you dunce	toxic
the problem is people here are too caught up up in bougie bullshit to enjoy simplicity .	toxic
just because some jackass is an atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are any less false .	toxic
the only sad thing , is that this moron weinstein got away with it for so long .	toxic
do some fucking research before you remove my shit .	toxic
i doubt either of us makes a rats ass of a difference .	toxic
thanks for handling this idiot .	toxic
this is totally sick and perverted behavior by one and all who commit this type of behavior .	toxic
move back to alabama you hick .	toxic
now both of you can kindly f ( k off .	toxic
he wasyears old and a public figure old enough to know not to say stupid things .	toxic
these morons have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .	toxic
wikipedia should just give up , everyone knows people can just type whatever the fuck they want here .	toxic
he has what it takes to stop this crap .	toxic
just give it some time before you make stupid comments about how we are not paying all the bills .	toxic
well you dont have to pay for stupid shopping bags in springfield .	toxic
why do they do this kind of crap .	toxic
give the crap out in single doses at the injection sites .	toxic
you can see the result as the economy lurches from one stupid idea to the next .	toxic
so why would anyone believe this moron ?	toxic
american english isnt the fuckedup version .	toxic
what a daft allegation , and a complete evasion of the point under discussion .	toxic
crawl back into your hole .	toxic
for all his stupid tweets , trump is not much different than the others and around we go !	toxic
wtf stop deleting my stuff !	toxic
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly is foolish enough to put another u	toxic
dont be dumb , do some research kid .	toxic
ali talked trash , but he also had the goods .	toxic
so you think the fool we call our president actually has respect for his fellow man ?	toxic
thats what idiot trump does not understand .	toxic
can someone explain to these idiot jurors that the days of free money are over .	toxic
your a cocksucker u cant do anything to me	toxic
man , what a shitty excuse for journalism .	toxic
two days ago i saw a stupid driver driving backwards on a half block .	toxic
fucking morons the lot of you if you think this isnt something they would do or at least consider .	toxic
i can call people whatever i like idiot .	toxic
the clowns in the senate are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves .	toxic
why the fuck is this article protected ?	toxic
it is really hard to defend stoopid , greedy people who are easily manipulated .	toxic
every friggin commercial building has a ventilation system !	toxic
are you fucking kidding me ?	toxic
what a silly sarcastic press release .	toxic
around 23billion in unfunded pers should have these fools losing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away .	toxic
this reporter is an idiot .	toxic
what the fuck was that !	toxic
these selfrighteous hypocrites need to leave him alone .	toxic
massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get these bastards to act .	toxic
damn , must be global warming again .	toxic
give your head a shake and do some homework before you post rubbish .	toxic
your post is both silly and rude .	toxic
when you start calling people names like idiot .	toxic
that darn great wall of china also has to go .	toxic
both are braindead dreamers and spenders while the people of alaska are struggling to live .	toxic
none of your damn business !	toxic
ryan and sorry gop working hard to shore up their ignorant base at the expense of healthy families .	toxic
surely an idiot knows today that fruit juice is bad for you .	toxic
who the fvck wrote this article ?	toxic
only someone so naive who has never smoked in their lofe would say such a ridiculous statement	toxic
wtf is wrong with you idiots ?	toxic
this idiot was close to being president .	toxic
not gonna be able to block me now bitch !	toxic
you throw some dumb label trying to try and guess my nature .	toxic
they must have a ton of stuff on these cowardly republicans .	toxic
why are these idiots still in office ?	toxic
so quit hanging around writing dumb comments about the clintons .	toxic
its garbage , and i dont think it will get enough republican votes .	toxic
that way you wont have to keep blaming others for your foolishness .	toxic
dumb dumb donald is true to his word : .	toxic
i tried a practice test , and it was so fucking hard !	toxic
john , he is a rich village idiot too .	toxic
how the fuck are you moderating me everys ?	toxic
but the mad king has no balls at all .	toxic
i got refresh 97 times faggot .	toxic
what the hell do you know anything about military service idiot .	toxic
no wonder these idiots lost .	toxic
so we should wait until a child is killed ?	toxic
scum like robert kraft will be on the losing side .	toxic
which is , itself , a stupid stance .	toxic
sad anyone was taken in by this clown .	toxic
it said under contruction , dick !	toxic
bullshit , japan should have finished .	toxic
weve waited for years for you clowns to come up with something , anything .	toxic
now some idiot liberal judge says it now the reverse .	toxic
those cunts need sorting out !	toxic
at least this expansion was designed by local architects , not the chipperfield jerk from england	toxic
its the damn disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part .	toxic
making stupid decisions and destroying canadian jobs .	toxic
stupid dems wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it .	toxic
its just the damn internet .	toxic
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along stupid misinformation .	toxic
imagine someone this dumb actually being a canadian ambassador .	toxic
the iowa idiots are a real baseball team ! .	toxic
you dont seem to get the i dont give a shit concept red .	toxic
hes done more inweeks than any dick politicians has done in a decade .	toxic
"really ? ! is it really ? "" will you be my superman ? fuck"	toxic
bull shit , he 's not around	toxic
lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but fuck dat shxt go follow my cousin realshit	toxic
dont matter we both do the same shit to eachother ahah	toxic
shit chillen fresh out the shower	toxic
i love you so fucking much baby	toxic
is drinking this nasty ass redbull and vodka that gave me	toxic
that tweet wasnt even for you ass whipe lol	toxic
why the fuck do people continue to do that ? ! smh	toxic
the weather can be such a bitch	toxic
if christian beadles can be verified why can 't i ? we do the same shit on you tube	toxic
we drinkin the same juice my nig ? !	toxic
i 'm suprised , you watch that shit everyday .	toxic
fuck it im moving to california .	toxic
what the fuck is going on ? ? !	toxic
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that shit going to be popping ya hear me	toxic
fuck yea dude i think it be awesome to get a bunch of us there	toxic
if we talking about the same shit , i feel you	toxic
yeahh but i never have time to download shit , just sometimes .	toxic
shit was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh	toxic
jay - z 's new website is so fucking sweet !	toxic
go get a visa prepaid she can use that shit anywhere	toxic
lmao im taking my ass to bed .	toxic
i couldn 't get n tht fuckin library	toxic
oh fuck i think i 've been looking at the wrong place then	toxic
we 've just got back , and now you 've gone and fuckin upset her !	toxic
what 's up with that shit !	toxic
good looks homie rt happy bday bro enjoy dat shit ! ! ! !	toxic
shit when bands are unsigned , it so hard for um to come to the uk	toxic
fuck u punk ! ! ! i got something to tell u too btw .	toxic
shut yo ass up ! lol	toxic
bitch you better let me see you	toxic
fuck , i just looked up pictures of scarification	toxic
everybody knew that shit but me -	toxic
i brought u a bagel from panaera and ur bum ass didn 't even show - _ -	toxic
time for some tennessee bbq after one crazy ass day ! ! ! !	toxic
i 'm ready ! bring it , bitch !	toxic
fuck this , i 'm embracing the power of madonna !	toxic
i should have dropped her off cause i got shit to do	toxic
when did i say that to cherdon ! ? i never fucking said that .	toxic
where the fuck is my video ! ?	toxic
i don 't know ! ! ! but it happened and it fucking rocked ! !	toxic
hahahah sorry that was just for that stupid bitch	toxic
chuckles let 's get ya some fuckin food then	toxic
basically , the jury and the voting process are biased and totally fucked .	toxic
let me promo it on my radio station , cunt	toxic
but i 'm a type of guy who doesn 't like hiding shit	toxic
hey , who the fuck erased my latest tweet ? ?	toxic
think i live with her ass tf im always asking her grandparents for something !	toxic
people need to fucking think before saying shit .	toxic
* shudders * probably be like the fucking ring	toxic
she don 't need that shit !	toxic
what type of shit is this , i 'm in a taxi haha	toxic
girl , get yo ' ass on and talk to me ! p	toxic
i couldn 't see it on my tv , they were tellin local shit	toxic
where the fuck are my strawberry pop - tarts	toxic
why the fuck are you in my life ? ! -	toxic
i just don 't ever want to hear one fucking thing about it	toxic
i just can 't explain this shit at all .	toxic
gotta get my life and shit together this shit aint no joke .	toxic
ha ' no i 'm not ! and fuck no	toxic
hell yea remember me on my bday lol that shit was funny ass hell	toxic
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this shit	toxic
ya tall ass could hide behind a tree is you wanted to	toxic
there was no need for you to be a dick like you were .	toxic
exactly , but whats wrong with yo ass	toxic
fuck now my phone has a virus	toxic
oh shit , i might try a rinse first .	toxic
unfortunately this bitch doesn 't like soda during track season	toxic
i agree with you , one of them already got her ass whopped lmao	toxic
where you been at bitch ?	toxic
portal 18 was fucking excellent	toxic
lol but shit who want it my nigga	toxic
"you said "" 10 fucking hours ago"	toxic
of course i freak out when he 's talking about shit like this -	toxic
heheh yes ! & what the fuck does undergarment mean ? x3	toxic
somebody please tell him who the fuck i is ! !	toxic
bound to happen when you run away from the best thing that ever fucking happened to you .	toxic
and talks shit and attention seeks .	toxic
just give me the wig bitch	toxic
she 's fucking awesome and extremely nice !	toxic
ha i 'm just bored enough , i might do that shit lol	toxic
that would be cool and you have to go to paris ! i miss this fucking city lol	toxic
omg you met her ? ! fuck ! i 'm jealous	toxic
it was in 17 o he needs to get his ass back to making music	toxic
yup im gona fkin miss u n callin u sugar batty n shit	toxic
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime and shit	toxic
i am going to have a serious talk with that ass .	toxic
well i might be going to this fucking wizard movie alone	toxic
rt i just dropped the phone on a patient - _ - fuck	toxic
them shits expensive , but they pretty as hell .	toxic
i need to get my sweaty ass in the shower	toxic
you don 't wanna be stuck with annoying ass people haha	toxic
holy shit ! trent reznor just won an oscar .	toxic
shit ill see wat i can do	toxic
it 's almost as annoying as this fucking slow broadband i 'm suffering through .	toxic
then come talk to me about been a dick .	toxic
mah letter was a load of random shit x	toxic
shit , there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .	toxic
think of all the fun shit we 've done in a year ! amazing .	toxic
i 've got to kick it 's ass and get back to having some fun .	toxic
doesn 't have shit to do with you .	toxic
my dad just came in and told me to turn my fucking music down cause hes going bed	toxic
if he doesn 't give a shit , then why should you ?	toxic
wait , today is monday ? ! shit it feels like sunday .	toxic
i 'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to fuckin sleep	toxic
im nervous ass fuck tho .	toxic
that 's how we roll , alt as fuck	toxic
fuckin yoda just tweeted me !	toxic
yeap because im a twat and leave things until the last minute haha .	toxic
i accidently stepped on my dog & she bit my toes ' , stupid bitch lmao	toxic
* sobs * i told you i fucked up its all my fault ! ! ! theyre never coming back	toxic
anything with your sweet ass last name !	toxic
wanna make a bet ? rt not fucking with mines though rt i 'm a professional lol	toxic
i woulda loved rebecca black if she sang a song that did something besides state the fucking obvious	toxic
i dont say shit to them .	toxic
shit i just did my housing yesterday	toxic
falcons made it , but then proceeded to get their asses handed to them	toxic
he just b taking to long for the simplest shit	toxic
kind of i guess , still pretty shit	toxic
i fucking love you too ! <3 p	toxic
what the actual fuck , my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine	toxic
lmao naa yooo this random ass number called me on accident and now it won 't leave me aloneeee	toxic
shit i can 't answer my m2u challenge question	toxic
where tha fuck dis rain kome frm	toxic
oh holy shit ! ! ! ! they are dating ! ! ! omg	toxic
i have no fucking clue what this question is asking	toxic
bitch crazy ! rt lmfao ! ! u got to be kidding me with those rates	toxic
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww shit i got a stalker	toxic
i was so fucking pissed off .	toxic
i wish he would bring me my fuckin phone back sheesh	toxic
good luck channing ! i have to work all fucking day so i 'm saying it now	toxic
fuck now its raining in pg - _ -	toxic
why the fuck would i be having fun ? -	toxic
is actually a friend of the family so get ur fucking facts right	toxic
lmaooooo ! partyin here is shit .	toxic
fuck that bish , why did nazi germany use number in the gun names ?	toxic
i cried like fuck because i couldn 't go	toxic
lol you won 't find my ass in houston .	toxic
i can 't fucking stand it	toxic
but all the same , it 's shit .	toxic
not a damn thing ! do it now while you 're young	toxic
is there a fucking problem with that ?	toxic
, but bitch i needa that smoke break	toxic
dont cry bitch laugh ! ! ! laugh ! ! ! ! just kidding	toxic
i 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for ya ass	toxic
holy shit ! there not that bad ? i mean they could be worse .	toxic
you make me laugh so fucking much	toxic
lol , yeah this grown ass bxtch was tryna argue with me on the internet	toxic
yalll bitches go hard lol i gotta catch up then	toxic
yeah , but watching videos on my computer is shit ! it takes forever to load ! !	toxic
it was a fuckin storm	toxic
why the fuck not , bishop is cool	toxic
bitch ! lmao naww i know i know what you mean	toxic
yeah , i gooogled that shit	toxic
how the fuck do you get it to work	toxic
aron is fuckin ' amazing ! ppl should listen to him not hpew	toxic
ill save you anyday , fuck you	toxic
holy fuck i 'm so going	toxic
my name is donn asshole or dk for short .	toxic
i dont watch shit like that so idk what abc gonna do	toxic
hi everyone , i 'm dyeing my hair right now and it itches like fuck	toxic
damn ey try to enjoy tha rest off the day thinkin off ya xo	toxic
i 'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests and shit	toxic
worried about you damn wats da deal ? ? ?	toxic
back in the day , you couldn 't even get away w this shit	toxic
ever since aol did a merger with talktalk , my internet 's been shit .	toxic
lol , your right about that 34 & i ate that shit everyday as well	toxic
anne robinson finally quits the weakest link loool bitch got tired of winking and standing	toxic
i want her ugly ass to get back here and balance that damned budget ! lls	toxic
shit im hatin tmobile right now .	toxic
some man just got stabbed in town ! o shit	toxic
then why the fuck did you just push them to the side ?	toxic
it 's okay friend me & you both know that shit ain 't true !	toxic
oh shit , i think i scarred that over .	toxic
why didn 't you like my new pic bitch ? i 'm done with you !	toxic
just fuck off and leave me alone	toxic
look down my fucking profile there all about aiden !	toxic
yeah she can but she aint got shit on me though .	toxic
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that shit is hoooooot !"	toxic
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair long as shit what yu need tracs for	toxic
cant believe the shit i just heard	toxic
i agree hahahha he needs some of that wax shit you can mold hair with	toxic
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this shit .	toxic
the night , i had school and stuff today , so i was busy with shit .	toxic
good shit rt oooo interestings , i like his work , good stuff	toxic
i do not want to start shit on that website with my name on it	toxic
man we been busy as shit	toxic
what about my fucking children ?	toxic
it 's a fucking good day	toxic
you know all y 'all gotta be there that shit would be toooo fun	toxic
i have a huge sore on my back , and it fucking hurts like a bitch	toxic
this niggah gon try & say he 60	toxic
kinda but shit im ready for a relationship now !	toxic
who the fuck is donne hoover	toxic
shit was on the news i heard	toxic
yall shouldn 't showed me that shit	toxic
if the price is right , he 'll be your bitch all night long lol	toxic
they got the booths where u can sit and order bottles and shit	toxic
the shit i just took reminded me of how much i miss your face .	toxic
fuck you give me a break and help me for once ! !	toxic
bitch your lying ! ! ahhaha add me so i can deny ur ass ! ! hahahahhahah jk xd	toxic
where are all the fucking people ? !	toxic
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect your ass	toxic
don 't u kid kid me bitch	toxic
i completely agree , saving pearl saving his own ass	toxic
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross shit	toxic
you 're just bored as fuck , just like me .	toxic
and i 'm tired as fuck	toxic
that 's so fucking , i don 't wanna go to uni yet then ! ! d	toxic
she is fucking adorable and i can 't get over how much she looks like you !	toxic
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons and shit .	toxic
nd then when u say forget it they say i want to know ! nd ur like bitch move on	toxic
i wish this shit would happen to me .	toxic
all it would do is pass me the fuck out , lmao .	toxic
oh auight i gotta new english teacher and shit ! ! ! lol	toxic
i went last week and seen transformers , was fucking shite xx	toxic
i would love to fucking tweet again	toxic
accidents fucking happen in the wrong period of time	toxic
ok let 's fuckin review for the idiot	toxic
where 's my fuckin wallet ? ! ? ! ? ! ? lol	toxic
that shit wasn 't real wtf ? you have the same fuckin problems	toxic
but who the fuck cares ?	toxic
not shit though just trying to have some fun	toxic
fuck it i didn 't want it anyways x	toxic
wasn 't trying to be a smart - ass though it does tend to happen	toxic
you still fuckin wit us next week nephew	toxic
aghhh fuck i put it away already ! ! ! i 'm sure the lineup is online tho	toxic
ohh shit ! got any pictures ? haha	toxic
they usin that shit already ? - _ -	toxic
""" & he fucking stabbed the needle in my arm so hard it was bleeding d"	toxic
maybe then we can get shit done	toxic
i 'm the one that stays away from shit like that unless my name comes up .	toxic
bitch ! i want kiwi spoon !	toxic
no shit ? ? ! ! when da mixtape droppin ?	toxic
nothing at all just bored shit to do ! ! ! !	toxic
listening to all the good shit .	toxic
the back door of my house is going to be busy as fuck this spring break .	toxic
thats what his ass get .	toxic
rt i swear lemonade is the fuckn best handsdown	toxic
a big ass difference between the 58 ! ! !	toxic
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay , shit , i can 't wait !	toxic
that shit would be comedy .	toxic
they won 't give a fuck	toxic
i 'm halfway done with her crazy ass , and refuse to start from scratch	toxic
it 's cool yu won 't get shit next year .	toxic
shit bout to get me somethin to eat an take this car to the dealership	toxic
im still mad at this cunt .	toxic
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this bullshit with me	toxic
i 'm getting really fed up with this shit .	toxic
yeah , i googled that shit !	toxic
then the second time there was aloud ass noise in the background .	toxic
its ciara larason jondelle and get that shit right hoe	toxic
i don 't give a shit about it	toxic
tom is bad as fuck .	toxic
and i still haven 't fucking eaten	toxic
that shit always won me over .	toxic
why can 't i change my fucking picture ? - _ -	toxic
awww shit well lemme hear it when you do it	toxic
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me suck ya juice box	toxic
fuck fuck omg i wanted to talk to you on fb then you went offline	toxic
i feel like shit all over again	toxic
still a boring ass tv show	toxic
i wanna be in this shit	toxic
needs to get her ass on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks !	toxic
lol whatever girl at least im getting paid shit	toxic
fuck you i want to play	toxic
am i wrong thinking a tax - exempt charitable grant can be to an unincorporated ass 'n ?	toxic
midnight ? where the fuck are people going at this hour ?	toxic
and i have more followers ahahaha bitch xd	toxic
man i fucking love yall models	toxic
you don 't fuck with me or something like that	toxic
and ill miss you as much as ill miss the shit weather .	toxic
i dont mind being an aunt again but shes fuckin 78 ughhh so disappointing	toxic
that bitch ! lol joe is tryin to make me go downtown but im still sick as efff .	toxic
i rlly wanna say some shit but imma keep it to myself ! ! ! ! !	toxic
on a scale of 12 to fucking awesome , how was it ?	toxic
"mom would be like "" fuck it , let 's have pancakes for dinner ."	toxic
fuck you and dione ' my mother wasnt here & you got my permission slip	toxic
really ? cus i 'm a fucking beast on that game o	toxic
seriously who that fuck does think she is ? listen bitch , no one fucking likes you	toxic
holy shit i think i 'm going to see prince ! ! ! !	toxic
u want to tackle na then come on show me what u got bastard .	toxic
nah this shit is prime	toxic
but witout him dey aint shit bruh rela talk .	toxic
today i will say goodbye to my dear bb bold and welcome d new bitch in my life	toxic
when i start gettin dm 's about shit u said , it stops !	toxic
girl i don 't understand it ! just don 't say shit !	toxic
oh shit ! we freak when we run out in this house	toxic
i mean yeah im slick pissed but im not gonna force you to talk about the shit .	toxic
its 66 am , why the fuck i 'm still awake i have no idea	toxic
oh fuck yea we get out hella early tommarow dddd	toxic
bettter hurryy uppp ! ! im lighten shit up !	toxic
omg hall pass is so fucking funny !	toxic
if i good priiice , you put pussy magnet ?	toxic
no the fuck its not !	toxic
shit , but you couldn 't do the same .	toxic
he creates a shit load of hate and drama on twitter by hating people like one direction	toxic
he changed ! okay ! he did , we all know it ! so please shut the fuck up !	toxic
i didn 't check my notifications smart ass lol	toxic
imma keep all of dem fuck it !	toxic
lol stay my ass in the house nothing major & u ?	toxic
omg nine days till i dip canada fuck yes .	toxic
yeah this has happened like 10 times bitch - _ _ _ - smd	toxic
i can breathe freely ! ! fuck i need a shower !	toxic
my teddy has stole my wine n paper ! dick	toxic
i 've had a buncha shit going on but i 'll have it done im about to do it	toxic
and that shit is sad .	toxic
get that ass up and get to work lol	toxic
"rt "" why the fuck is it so hard to find tacos in slidell "" - - - tacobell ?"	toxic
facebook god damn facebook is shit - twitter is where the party is at -	toxic
laying in my bed , watching this corny ass play	toxic
alright if dese three mutha fuckas got weed prescriptions , how dat fuck do i get one	toxic
i 'm getting tipsy already , i might fuck around and fall asleep	toxic
that shit is lowkey amazing that he 's able to walk still	toxic
""" < - - - imma need ur ass to come back lol"	toxic
but tami is that down ass bitch i just have to roll wit ! !	toxic
idk , i haven 't been outside & i 'll prolli end up doin the same shit i always do	toxic
fuck you u seen everything humf !	toxic
nope its the players , words dnt mean shit .	toxic
haha that shit is brewed in mammoth mountain snow thats why it tastes like nature haha	toxic
got a bomb ass plan for &	toxic
next time you want to talk shit about everyone in your life , make sure im not home	toxic
yo ma cuzzin hid the fuck out the keys yo	toxic
i never understood what the fuck that thing was .	toxic
you tweeted me , so im replying you thick cunt !	toxic
haha and shit , lol but i 'm tall so they r even shorter p	toxic
shit i need a new word to use now	toxic
if u don 't wanna talk to me then fucking tell me so	toxic
oh shit you can jam to them at home with me if ya want	toxic
fuck i 'm not even going to upload it , it 's embarrassing	toxic
there should be a list made of shit u shouldn 't ask over the phone	toxic
now i 'm pissed off , who the hell took my fucking bluetack ? !	toxic
what the fuck do you want lopez !	toxic
dnt fuck widd my fam .	toxic
shit i 'm starving can i come over ? !	toxic
what ? ? ! ! ! ! tracey is getting out of jail ? ? ? ? fuck me	toxic
that 's dumb ass hell , cause then people wouldn 't have more followers than they following .	toxic
shit jus out here tryna make it !	toxic
bitch you was suppose to be sleep	toxic
lmao i 'm in sucky ass class	toxic
sausage sarnies for breakfast , fucking great	toxic
got damnn bitch can u just leave	toxic
i hate when people avoid shit especially when its serious	toxic
no wonder i wasnt hearing shit my phone was 10 notch from silent	toxic
aw stop playin wit 93 b4 she beat yo ass lol	toxic
i never fucking wanted this .	toxic
and i was not fucking cooking loo	toxic
im up here sending boring ass emails so i can make some exciting ass money lol	toxic
you know damn well im not in school lol	toxic
that shit looks expensive as fuck	toxic
same shit except getn rdy for wrk as usual & making breakfast for the hubby	toxic
bitch , bastard i know it .	toxic
you really been on that wrestling shit again huh ? haha	toxic
what are you saying ? i cannot understand a fucking thing .	toxic
ooo bitch ! i have a very pretty head and face thank you very much -	toxic
lmfao ! ! yo that shit was priceless hahahahaha	toxic
oh crap its 6 pm	toxic
grabs handfull of popcorn and thros at my bitches ! ha	toxic
maybe she is , but im done with this shit	toxic
well damn ! i like it	toxic
pffft buy new and fuck the car you 'll be in london living zone 23 lol	toxic
you 're so fucked up that you won 't even remember this conversation tomorrow , anyway	toxic
fuck u i 'm jealous i wish i knew what school im going to	toxic
gotta be up at fucking 74 my life is so hard	toxic
man that bitch so cold .	toxic
hahah that shit is funny , crafy young man you are	toxic
this piece of shit already is frozen	toxic
no fucking way someone else is going to .	toxic
lol bitch what was you doing last night ?	toxic
my computer is broken and my phone too ! ! wtf is this devil shit ? ? ?	toxic
* gasps * holy fuck ! i need to read that novel !	toxic
can 't you just fuck andget it over with ?	toxic
i 'm so fucking proud of them .	toxic
they got shit in the big gym	toxic
lol i got too many tweets & i miss yo freak ass	toxic
reply to fb , its important and shit	toxic
fuck ! it 's just for withdrawals	toxic
shit i have an interview next week and they 've specifically requested a print based portfolio	toxic
damn my alarm went off twice and i still dnt wanna get up	toxic
bitch don 't use my name in a tweet	toxic
that was some sad shit .	toxic
fuck ! how did she talk to you ? !	toxic
fuck i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath	toxic
feels the same as being 100 my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrowcrazy shit man	toxic
holy shit , i hope he comes .	toxic
give some fucking respect to colleagues for once .	toxic
shit ! you are so right	toxic
this cold is kickin my ass	toxic
who the fuck are you ?	toxic
yo fuck you i liked that mixtape lollololll	toxic
fuck you taking credit for some shit i wanted to do	toxic
bare on about paparrazi and shit like she 's experienced it before	toxic
lmao that 's what i was trying to tell his dumb ass	toxic
kissing you , holding you close to me damn	toxic
that 's why i 'm fuckin ' here	toxic
finished reading the heroin diaries , and holy shit , i loved it	toxic
but shit it gets old up here sometimes too .	toxic
fuck gettin older i wanna be a kid again lmao	toxic
sure bitch , see you later	toxic
bitch i miss you ! when you comingg to see me ! ?	toxic
that 's it i 'm calling guillermo to tell him some shit .	toxic
well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny that shit	toxic
rotfl ! stop tryna go before i destroy yo ass !	toxic
everybody getting on my fuking nerves	toxic
i feel like doing some evil shit right now .	toxic
it never was shit and its never gon be shit .	toxic
that 's just so fucking rude .	toxic
it 's called auto correct on my iphone you dumb ass	toxic
fuck that i aint going for a year ! ! !	toxic
you gotta admit that was fuckin hilarious though !	toxic
no i dont otherwise i wouldnt have asked who the fuck is cory	toxic
lol ohh shit that good tho i just got a job interview d	toxic
have you done some type of survey or some shit to prove that sir ?	toxic
well if you find out lemme know , i just might get off my ass and come through lls	toxic
fuck , why do i always listen to you	toxic
captain fuckin crunch is the shit !	toxic
if i do hate him , what business is it of yours ? ? dumb bitch	toxic
i keep it real in this phony ass business	toxic
lol why did dis shit make me laugh shawty ?	toxic
i don 't treat u like shit	toxic
lmao that 's a job well fucking done !	toxic
llh don 't be listening to my shit while you thinking of another	toxic
fuck i thought it was just me and the tv put on 23 lbs	toxic
im going hard in da motha fuckin paint nigga lol	toxic
girl this shit jus got started	toxic
hd on these new tvs piss me off , they need to tone it down some , shit to clear	toxic
yeah but it 's really * great * shit !	toxic
p i love you bitch , thank you < 36 xxx	toxic
nobody fucking understand wtf im saying ! they acting like its cool	toxic
the fuck how 'd you get blood on your shirt haha	toxic
i give a fuck though ! ! ! cause your important to me < 100	toxic
u 'd be surprised all the shit u think about when u jus sittin there	toxic
fucking paul reiser on tv every week	toxic
sumone did some off the wall shit ! notcooltweet .	toxic
haha i just won 't though - cos you will never fucking call me ! xo	toxic
what you digging up ancient fuckin history for you dumb cunt ? you 're so fuckin desperate ! edl	toxic
i don 't even play that shit anymore	toxic
lol i wanna drop this shit today	toxic
- - your fucking lying to me yuu idiot	toxic
i miss hugging the shit outta you .	toxic
jeff didn 't say shit about that .	toxic
you gotta come at me sideways nshit	toxic
sometimes i wish i could sing like maxwell , but then i say fuck it .	toxic
bc you dnt fuck wit me	toxic
tell casper to send me that shit !	toxic
fuck you stealing my jokes n shit	toxic
gotta goto fucking church with my family	toxic
i wish someone would help me make a damn decision already with this kickback and this damn jam session	toxic
holy fucking shit dude that 's amazing	toxic
i dont know how to work this shit	toxic
oh hail nawl - - - - bitch where are you ? !	toxic
where has your ass been ?	toxic
that 's right bitches , that 's my seat	toxic
seriously though it 's great , fuck a car gas is too much , 50	toxic
this shit is gettin crazy .	toxic
"why do ppl spell "" g "" words with a "" q "" ? ? stop dat stupid shit"	toxic
fuck yea i did , shit is better then both games combined	toxic
- < 10 , and i dont know who the fuck lied to you !	toxic
yes ! so fucking annoying ! now i can 't have sex for 56 months like wtf ! lol .	toxic
i am soo fucked up right now	toxic
awwwwwww shit rt i got 2 followers hurry somebody get me another follower	toxic
stupid cunt , he just blames everyone else for what hes doing .	toxic
shit that 's why ain 't nobody riding .	toxic
i know ! shit , wheree you ?	toxic
he has about a million fucking tickets .	toxic
alan carr is so fucking funnnnny !	toxic
you 're making me hungry bitch d	toxic
it is so goddamn messy here	toxic
and majority of the shit was already known to the public and police	toxic
shit , you lucky mother fucker	toxic
well stay yo ass in the house because im not	toxic
not everything i post is about you , you fucking shit licking bastard .	toxic
who the fuck does she think she is ?	toxic
wow you 're super awesome bitch	toxic
why the fuck won 't anybody do anything ? so bored .	toxic
omfg i can 't find that shit no where ! !	toxic
what 's up with that shit ? it ain 't right ! is it ?	toxic
just not as funny as yabba - dabba - bitch to me	toxic
i 'm having a shit time too .	toxic
lol , real shit though it 's brianna .	toxic
enthusiast ? i am way fucking more than that	toxic
i suppose it 's more fun to make shit up	toxic
yeah get that car shit straight it 's time to go out and do it big ! ! lol	toxic
but i 've got mother fuckin ' moves like bieber	toxic
this is why you don 't live with the person you 're fucking .	toxic
that is such a fucking joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail	toxic
shit well i 'm bout to make my way back over there lol	toxic
i was such a bitch , please i 'm sorry	toxic
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who gives a fuck	toxic
fucking grey too ! wtf ! ! ! the beards on it 's way too ! !	toxic
shit lets do it then	toxic
where da fuck is my easter basket ! ! ! ! ! !	toxic
you can do what you want , without having to worry about my ass	toxic
just tell me how old u are you ass hole	toxic
fuck yeah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations bitch ! < 6	toxic
how the fuck did you manage that ? ?	toxic
that shit look like a toupee	toxic
i 've been up since 62 bitches	toxic
oh shit i forgot about summer reading	toxic
fuck yeah , and i really love mickey mouse club house	toxic
well hurry da fuck up then ! ! !	toxic
the weather is lovely and i feel like shit .	toxic
i clearly don 't give a shit	toxic
if she did it then she should just admit the shit	toxic
ha ahh shit , how much is it ?	toxic
i hate having to do shit last minute but i also do it .	toxic
i 'm over here by uta n shit .	toxic
i could use a big ass hamburger	toxic
i don 't feel like going to work man fuck	toxic
wtf is he talkin bout ? retarded ass	toxic
sister i missed ya ass ! !	toxic
he is also fit as fuck , that 's why i follow him	toxic
just stop acting like you know shit about my life .	toxic
now you ass cant reply ! ! ! smh	toxic
fuck dont link your tumblr to twitter or fb thanks	toxic
hahahahaha oh , that 's just the worst shit ever .	toxic
go to bed bitch and go take care sabra rt finally listening to soul tape	toxic
actually , nah i better not see ya ass like that .	toxic
you make me so fucking happy , you know that ? because	toxic
ok thats was some nasty shit	toxic
shut the fuck up , geek !	toxic
a grown ass man sipping from a straw is not a good look !	toxic
- laughs , holding my stomach - bitch , i eat everything	toxic
this movie is fucking bullshit	toxic
holy fuck its beast from the 46 s series beauty and the beast scglive	toxic
we always task about the same shit in here .	toxic
lmao didn 't know ppl still watched that shit	toxic
ima go crazy ! ! they scare the shit outta me	toxic
i don 't really give a fuck about the royal family	toxic
it 's a shit part of the sport that every team is guilty of	toxic
ive had so much shit in my life ' ' i cant remember the last happy convo i had .	toxic
but its hot as fuck down here	toxic
mate we got no money aswell fuck	toxic
haha shit burn one for me my nigg	toxic
my nigga do me a favor , stop talkin bout him , thank you	toxic
son , what the fuck are you talking about ?	toxic
idk i 'm bored ! spark some shit up ! lls	toxic
exactly this shit pissin me off	toxic
what was the other shit film ?	toxic
hahaha welcome to my life , bitch .	toxic
what kind of shit is that ? !	toxic
i 'm fucking done with every single one of you .	toxic
ugh ! fuck that ! i didn 't see it !	toxic
mate i have a bite or a heat spot ! and i 'm burning like fuck !	toxic
i feel so fucking bad -	toxic
holy shit ! you got to meet ? ?	toxic
yo ass was talking too thee window yesterday .	toxic
i don 't wanna do no fucking community service ! ! ! !	toxic
i fucking love you guys	toxic
ur in a fucked up situation rite now lmfao	toxic
where the fuck is the next gob iron album ?	toxic
shit , adam * runs back inside and gets him *	toxic
man what ? ! ? how can i forget that shit	toxic
and shit , do you have a cold bro ?	toxic
fuck dont feel like goin to school tmrw , wat else is new .	toxic
yeah it is lol but the way y 'all talking about her damn lol lol	toxic
every bitch wants tht title -	toxic
if they 're horrible , i 'm a bitch lmao	toxic
we gone find us some find mother fuckin new yorkers	toxic
i was tweeting crazy shit and everything	toxic
lol that shit had me feeling like that too .	toxic
"the fuck you doin ! ? ! ? "" ahahahah p"	toxic
i 've been doing alot ! jks fuck all ! bored as ! x	toxic
fucking hell , i just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53 , fuck you broken laptop	toxic
and that didn 't fucking happen	toxic
i 'm sorry for asking i ask random shit like that	toxic
say yes please give me the fucking meds when i asked	toxic
cuz my mom isn 't replying and i feel like shit and i wanna cry	toxic
i don 't want to fuck up .	toxic
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's fucking awesome	toxic
fuck you mean ! you not eating well	toxic
ew i tried that shit once	toxic
i started crying ! it 's so un fucking fair ! ! !	toxic
some bitch just ruined harry potter for me	toxic
i was scared as shit but my test must have came out good because i still got my job lol	toxic
how the fuck do you get all these ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? lmao	toxic
the old stuff is getting old , time for some new shit ! congrats btw !	toxic
""" your suffocating me ! "" look , bitch , - -"	toxic
i 'm such a fucked up wreck .	toxic
im having the hardest time accepting that shit man ! ! ! irefuse to believe this shit	toxic
go do something & leave our convo rt fuck both yaull ! ! !	toxic
fuck it let 's get some !	toxic
future was loose hahaha so good , fucking epic	toxic
but wasssup with that shit .	toxic
nah i got priorities n shit	toxic
da zoo smell like ass .	toxic
thought i was the only person that didnt watch that shit lol	toxic
shit wasnt lookin so good p	toxic
fuck , i suddenly want a dslr really bad .	toxic
why you unfollowed me fuck man	toxic
this shit it too hard .	toxic
fuck going on a cruise	toxic
marsha ambrosius released a dope album , and watch her shit flop	toxic
what the hell should i wear a fucking turtle neck ?	toxic
ever wish you hadn 't fucked up ? tweeted from wrong account	toxic
rt damn i got class in the morning	toxic
i dont give no fuck ! beyonce is great	toxic
fucks no i just know redlands area i was always out there	toxic
"rt "" so tonight i 'll just fuck you like we 're in houston"	toxic
heel or face , he 's pretty fucking amazing .	toxic
ryan find ur fuckin own .	toxic
my leg still hurts like a bitch from when i hit it off the table this weekend lol	toxic
i 've been saying this shit since before they sent the clocks forward	toxic
no shit ! this is beyond ridiculous	toxic
* shit ! fuck , you can 't do that mark !	toxic
because there aren 't any fucking consequences	toxic
because his piece of shit parents covered for him .	toxic
how the fuck do you think you know the exact amount of malware for osx ?	toxic
ptsd can really fuck with a person ! shouldn 't be overlooked .	toxic
an upvote for the chance reference , and an upvote for fucking fox news .	toxic
nancy did the same shit with bush	toxic
seriously , what the fuck kind of news have you been watching ?	toxic
what the fuck do you think happened ?	toxic
look at it , it 's at 22 fucking points .	toxic
you can 't talk shit like that and represent all the men and women in our country .	toxic
he was a fat ass that had a heart attack .	toxic
shit , i needed new shoes .	toxic
i don 't fucking buy it .	toxic
i wish the same , but the us won 't do jack shit to him .	toxic
its an easy as fuck job .	toxic
i 've driven by lots of cattle farms but holy shit .	toxic
it 's 92 in the uk , but nobody gives a shit .	toxic
bout to say , all energy commodities are low as shit right now .	toxic
well i guess we 're goin' the fuck home then	toxic
just being a wise - ass to get karma .	toxic
skyrim sellswords are loyal as fuck .	toxic
where the fuck was i ? ? ? ? ? ?	toxic
rms has been warning people about this shit for years before the snowden docs	toxic
you know how i know you didn 't read the fucking article ?	toxic
fuck now i want a calzone .	toxic
how the fuck did they not notice that ?	toxic
well fuck , can grandma get a refund for all those t taxes she paid her whole fucking life .	toxic
half of bob marley 's songs are hard as fuck to listen to the lyrics .	toxic
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the fucking station .	toxic
headscarfs were banned in schools in turkey as well but thanks to fucking erdogan it isn 't anymore .	toxic
who the fuck cares what either of them think ?	toxic
hahahahahahahahahaha - oh shit think of the countless mistakes we 've made .	toxic
i don 't get a fucking medal for doing mine .	toxic
i don 't give a fuck that she used her own server .	toxic
shit must be getting real if canada is getting involved .	toxic
drunk driving enforcement shouldn 't be an excuse to shit all over someones rights .	toxic
there isn 't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level of shit .	toxic
who the fuck does this guy think he is ?	toxic
holy shit the real world is complicated ?	toxic
living in germany saved my ass this time .	toxic
oh crap , it 's deadmaus in the fucking nyan cat ferrari .	toxic
shit , we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then .	toxic
don 't get how shit comments like that even get upvoted here .	toxic
i mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no fucks .	toxic
who holds you accountable for shit like that when you 're 39 ?	toxic
nestl is the worst fucking company on the world , i stopped eating any nestle food things .	toxic
why the fuck is obama sending them u	toxic
he might have just been having an incredibly good day before this shit happened .	toxic
dont fucking go to north korea exactly this .	toxic
why does that shit exist ?	toxic
i love it , but it 's fucked up .	toxic
just registered to vote because i have put it off way the fuck too long .	toxic
"donald trump "" how the fuck can you be considered a real party after that ."	toxic
i just don 't want this bitch or any of her supporters to have a platform anymore .	toxic
i pay the ticket as ordered because * i broke the fucking law .	toxic
i 'm usually all about helping but fuck that	toxic
just this whole north korea thing is fucked .	toxic
not sure why this shit gets upvoted , let me see some real news .	toxic
yeah that shit goes out the window when you get into a fight .	toxic
i 'm scared to put on a fucking hoodie man .	toxic
shit , i never thought of that .	toxic
shit this happened in los angeles a few times .	toxic
jesus fuck this quote needs to stop .	toxic
game was over , but the refs should have kicked his sorry ass off the field .	toxic
jesus , what 's with everyone being so fucking negative ?	toxic
well then fucking do it asshole .	toxic
i mean shit we have black bears here in arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks .	toxic
fucking click bait , and to make obama look good after last week .	toxic
i would watch that shit on espn .	toxic
holy shit , i 'm not alone .	toxic
where the fuck is angry superman ?	toxic
is google fucking broke today ?	toxic
that i don 't really give a shit about .	toxic
theres no way that bitch will win .	toxic
i wish i could upvote this shit a million times .	toxic
like where the fuck do you even buy a hippo ?	toxic
seems like shit is getting too hot over there .	toxic
anything to get their kids away from these fucking psychos .	toxic
why the fuck any woman would join the u	toxic
cos i fucking love advocados , broccoli and oranges .	toxic
we can 't even do shit about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them .	toxic
the more likely scenario was that he was finger - fucking a loaded gun .	toxic
but , * high school football * , no one gives a fuck about .	toxic
because at some point falsely accused get tired of this shit and just want to leave .	toxic
they must be safe as shit .	toxic
do you guys think india cannot make a fucking robot ?	toxic
i fucking despise the tsa .	toxic
better yet , why the fuck was the original article even upvoted ?	toxic
four months for five fucking dollars ?	toxic
you turn in these fucks you would be drinking for free for life	toxic
its about fucking time a state does something about this issue .	toxic
well fuck you ! but really it 's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue .	toxic
fuck it , im out of here	toxic
how the fuck are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?	toxic
stop reporting this shit ! nobody gives a rat 's ass about isis .	toxic
well if the right got their shit together and had decent candidates it wouldn 't be an issue .	toxic
what the literal fuck is wrong with people ?	toxic
come and fucking take it .	toxic
we get a new flu shot every year because of fucking evolution .	toxic
looks like the fucking nra won .	toxic
why the shit does this need to be part of your constitution ?	toxic
it 's a stressful , hard as fuck job .	toxic
seriously dont we have anything better to address than this shit .	toxic
thanks howard government for that awesome deregulation , that shit is always good !	toxic
you are right , they could give less than a shit about what an individual thinks .	toxic
what the fuck is the point behind this ?	toxic
and why the fuck are you doing it ?	toxic
? the fuck 's wrong with you dude ?	toxic
so you are a coward and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ? pussy .	toxic
where the fuck are the cops ?	toxic
so it won 't work for shit like the overpriced website for a bs law .	toxic
we install adblock in order to not read that shit	toxic
fuck , i will be glad when we finally have those fuckers marginalized .	toxic
this is kind of like that , except that the infant is usually too smart for that shit .	toxic
i 'd rather have a fucking root canal .	toxic
oh , fuck , man , why so cruel ?	toxic
that 's because privacy fucking isn 't a joke .	toxic
if the us goes down , you and most of the rest of the world is in deep shit .	toxic
what the fuck is going on in france ? ! ? ! ?	toxic
hey , soy is fucking awesome .	toxic
if i have to go outside anyhow , fuck it , i 'm having a real cigarette .	toxic
that 's because the bad shit gets blown out of proportion .	toxic
if you want privacy its not fucking hard to have .	toxic
let them figure their shit out .	toxic
thats a pretty fucking simplistic view of it	toxic
that probably felt fucking amazing for about 23 seconds .	toxic
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out his ass .	toxic
this sort of shit was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades .	toxic
"well that answers my first thought of , "" how the fuck is this even a law ."	toxic
"how the fuck do you know who is in this "" group "" ?"	toxic
"it isn 't a symbol of "" southern pride "" , its just fucking racism ."	toxic
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry like a bitch .	toxic
fuck this , i 'm outta here .	toxic
things go south and in general , i 'm losing 20 % of my shit .	toxic
holy shit ! obama caused a revolution ?	toxic
you hit a couple and the rest will run like the cowardly stains of shit they are	toxic
now i 've fucking heard everything .	toxic
shit , how much does reddit owe you ?	toxic
how in the fuck do you know what degree people got ?	toxic
who the fuck is buying this oil anyway ?	toxic
the poor should get to fucking work .	toxic
it serious shit but hey .	toxic
you 'd hit the fucking ceiling	toxic
shit , i feel sorry for that house .	toxic
our elections are so fundamentally fucked .	toxic
do we really think the bad guys won 't fucking win huge in this one too ?	toxic
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren 't going to do shit .	toxic
fuck it let them keep taking it all from our troops til they have nothing .	toxic
fuck i wish i had the money to buy bitcoins right now .	toxic
this shit is about to get real .	toxic
jesus fuck they need to be trained on stuff like that .	toxic
and business as usual is fucked up .	toxic
shit i 'm all for it .	toxic
fuck law enforcement ! this shit is so far out of hand .	toxic
you can 't fucking steal drugs and then fucking sell them from the evidence locker .	toxic
he grew up in a society where that shit was normal same as in europe at the time .	toxic
if the world cup wasn 't happening right now , nobody would give a shit about this .	toxic
it 's fucking swift boating all over again .	toxic
we take away their fucking guns .	toxic
its all beginning to meld into the same sack of shit .	toxic
it amazes me that people work their fucking asses off in a job for 69 , 69 dollars .	toxic
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis "" fuck them"	toxic
if those numbers are true that is fucking scary .	toxic
let 's just seal that shit up so any down the line mutations are of little concern	toxic
aliens must think we 're so fucking weird .	toxic
they would bitch about anyone nominated by president obama .	toxic
i think it might be time to take a fucking hint , guys .	toxic
pretty much all the awful shit about those two came to light two or three elections ago .	toxic
would you fucking stop with these lies ?	toxic
they don 't have the fucking money , or aren 't planning on giving it back .	toxic
it 's fucking amazing that opportunity is still at it , too .	toxic
* of course i don 't support fucking looting * .	toxic
rioting because someone tore a page out of a fucking book ?	toxic
once the fires start up , the time for talking about shit 's over .	toxic
fucking christ these comments are terrible .	toxic
they certainly didn 't do shit when india invaded portuguese goa .	toxic
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy shit like food for themselves .	toxic
why the fuck are people calling this a crash ?	toxic
god damn it , now i might have to get up off my ass and do some work .	toxic
i feel so fucking bad for the palestinians .	toxic
anyone who doesn 't kiss the ayatollah 's ass must be expelled to keep your ranks pure .	toxic
that is a fucking long time .	toxic
what the fuck is your problem anyway ?	toxic
including packing the tinder for this type of shit	toxic
fuck up big , get a nice paid vacation .	toxic
which is pretty fucking fast .	toxic
i don 't suspect this is a big fucking deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis .	toxic
but if you poke a bear don 't be surprised when it tears your fucking face off .	toxic
what the fuck is night cheese ?	toxic
mind your own fucking business , assholes .	toxic
no shit , that 's why i said i was all for this law .	toxic
your name is fucking accurate .	toxic
one man alone is not responsible for a fucked up government .	toxic
what will it take to fix this shit ?	toxic
we beat their ass every time anyway .	toxic
yeah who needs trade and progress and shit .	toxic
send in the fucking national guard .	toxic
fucking cisco sold them the hardware .	toxic
holy shit , you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised ? !	toxic
new zealand redditors need to identify themselves so i don 't cause undue stress by talking shit to them .	toxic
ehh , one of those shit piles has flowers growing on it .	toxic
and why the fuck wouldn 't he .	toxic
seriously , we 're not all on a fucking mobile device .	toxic
just what the fuck makes them so rich ?	toxic
yep , gov 't got involved because it * sounded * like a good idea , then shit happened .	toxic
then fucking do something un !	toxic
fucking amazing performance , if you can get through it .	toxic
wrong , it fucking did neither .	toxic
too many fucking children on reddit suggesting that .	toxic
well when you treat your employees like shit and you don 't pay them well .	toxic
police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen , not fucking not at all .	toxic
not really that fun they are heavy as fuck	toxic
i don 't give a fuck what this guy thinks .	toxic
"because obama made a statement saying "" vaccinate your fuckin kids "" today ."	toxic
there will always be idiots who believe crazy shit .	toxic
shit , it won 't get a vote in the senate .	toxic
you can get a lot of shit onto a thumb drive .	toxic
that is why you don 't fucking talk to the police !	toxic
then fucking report them and they won 't be able to take snap anymore .	toxic
how in the actual fuck did he get re - elected .	toxic
a us lawmaker calls the israeli prime minister a chicken shit and is praised for it .	toxic
shit , he 's on to us ! run !	toxic
it is a shit article however .	toxic
i didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article , fuck head .	toxic
zero fucks were given this day	toxic
the best republican has done more shadier shit than hillary and obama combined .	toxic
article good title shit i think that 's what most people are trying to say ?	toxic
doesn 't mean they wont continue to be dicks to each other .	toxic
go to a fucking gym for once in your life	toxic
so his shit partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .	toxic
fucking shit ! they have money for that ! ?	toxic
every north korea thread has the same tired unoriginal shit pile jokes .	toxic
without funding , shit gets bad .	toxic
i hope this gives the usa a reason to shit or get off the pot already .	toxic
i fucking accidentally clicked on it to asshole !	toxic
probably when the cpc won a majority and decided they could do whatever the fuck they want .	toxic
it 's always these fucking island nations .	toxic
it is stopping you ass hats from dominating them .	toxic
who gives a fuck about money ?	toxic
this one would be fast as * shit * though .	toxic
you 're making shit up instead of having a clue .	toxic
should be fucking common sense .	toxic
i 'm not busting my ass for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax .	toxic
modern typography holy shit , breaking the bank with this one !	toxic
kids love that yolo shit .	toxic
"this shit is not "" free speech "" it is violence and intimidation ."	toxic
bernie sanders speaks the fuckin truth .	toxic
if you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt as fuck	toxic
but keep believing made up shit , idiot .	toxic
but who fucking knows , not me .	toxic
why the fuck are a lot of these comments defending this guy ?	toxic
i can 't even begin to imagine all the crazy shit they are already planning on doing .	toxic
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to fucking murdoch 's bullshit "" news """	toxic
no shit , there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name .	toxic
fuck black friday ! ! it 's all about small business saturday , whoop whoop ! !	toxic
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from stupid shit like possession and shop - lifting .	toxic
we are just now seeing this shit in real time .	toxic
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would fucking get the hell out immediately .	toxic
did you not read the fucking article ?	toxic
we all dont know why it actually happened and thinking that it just was a fucking betrayal .	toxic
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , the fuck was he thinking ?	toxic
lol are you fucking kidding me .	toxic
at this point , why don 't they just ban the fucking acid from personal use .	toxic
colorado , why the fuck did you do this ?	toxic
fuck i 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs .	toxic
i could be totally fucking wrong though .	toxic
give me a fucking break there is no excuse for that .	toxic
as per company policy , she was asked to go through a drug test what the fuck ?	toxic
fuck no ! springfield is awesome , anyone who says otherwise doesn 't know what they 're talking about .	toxic
why in the fuck is this man being down voted ?	toxic
holy shit that would be a ticket for the ages .	toxic
and put the money into the fucking medical and educational systems lol .	toxic
nah , that shit will be boring to my grandkids .	toxic
well turns out most of this shit was done by one party not the other .	toxic
wow the irony here is fucking perfect	toxic
how on earth pakistan has fucked things up with their iranian relations is just sad .	toxic
what the fuck do people still use ivory for ?	toxic
why do they fucking care who buys drugs	toxic
don 't trust a fucking word these people say .	toxic
we 're fucking broke right now , i don 't think it was because of money .	toxic
did you seriously just ask how many murders his ass hole is responsible for ?	toxic
take care of your own fucking family .	toxic
this has been the weirdest fucking story to follow	toxic
it 's pretty fucking convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class .	toxic
so fucking different , thanks for pointing that out	toxic
he was only twenty fucking years old .	toxic
this isn 't a fucking business deal .	toxic
then what the fuck was your previous comment for ?	toxic
probably because the local police aren 't going to do shit .	toxic
he 's gonna be announcing that shit forever .	toxic
so sad nobody boycotts this shit .	toxic
props to him for sources and knowing his shit !	toxic
but how the fuck are you going to have a president then ?	toxic
they did hit the people who fucked up the safety though .	toxic
not because fifa gives a fuck , but because there 's a lot of eu support .	toxic
you think you 're fucking funny huh ?	toxic
it 's not a fucking multivitamin .	toxic
what am i saying , it 's fucking australia , of course there 's scary animals .	toxic
oh fuck it made me laugh that everything is still there .	toxic
then you might want to keep that shit to yourself and just tell people you went to itt .	toxic
this entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start shit .	toxic
how the fuck can a college kid afford a $350 belt ?	toxic
what we witnessed here today was a fucking miracle , and i want you to acknowledge that .	toxic
why the fuck are they still on paper files that can be thrown out ?	toxic
i fucking guarantee there will be one .	toxic
space is its own race , bitches !	toxic
why doesn 't turkey do the fucking airstrikes ?	toxic
this is fucking annoying now .	toxic
why doesn 't that shit happen to me ?	toxic
why should his people have to suffer for what their piece of shit dictator does ?	toxic
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications , now that shit is wrong .	toxic
fuck me that movie was bad .	toxic
whatever the fuck they are even talking about with that .	toxic
that 's the free market , bitches .	toxic
this is exactly why politics is so fucked .	toxic
take some ownership of it and don 't let put your personal shit on the interwebs .	toxic
holy shit whats the reasoning for 28 + upvotes people ?	toxic
just fix the fucking problem and every problem that allowed it to happen in the first place .	toxic
i figured people might care but apparently nobody gives a shit about him anymore .	toxic
oh and all that shit fast food those poor people are eating ?	toxic
like really , what the fuck was i thinking .	toxic
they exist for shit like this .	toxic
* how to embed fonts in fucking microsoft word documents .	toxic
that shits happening now i guess .	toxic
a whole lot of fucking good that did .	toxic
all the people talking shit about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81	toxic
holy shit , you are missing the whole point .	toxic
am i the only one who doesn 't give a shit ?	toxic
instead , get yer ass to the voting booth and do soemthing about it .	toxic
i have a bmw and i fucking love it	toxic
shit did i say rockets ?	toxic
shit ! that 's been their plan all along !	toxic
might be surprised if they keep shit up like this .	toxic
this government is the worst shit norway have had in recent history .	toxic
being first nations in canada is like winning the fucking lottery .	toxic
nz aint going to do shit about it .	toxic
every single fucking group can 't be covered by anything .	toxic
it 's about sending a message of zero tolerance of this sort of shit to discourage others .	toxic
they found the fucking plane get ready for a full week of wall to wall cnn coverage	toxic
people in r portland have shit fits _over everything_ .	toxic
just take the fucking upvote .	toxic
do any of you guys ever once think this shit through ? ? ?	toxic
do people get that this whole organization is a fucking joke , yet ?	toxic
yeah , lets not fucking be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .	toxic
this shits actually pretty funny .	toxic
seriously , who the fuck cares ?	toxic
fire her ass or she can look for another job	toxic
who the fuck invests in any of his ventures ?	toxic
they don 't give a shit about animals .	toxic
thank fucking christ there 's an amendment to prevent that .	toxic
not sure what the fuck i 'm paying for each month .	toxic
you wouldnt believe the shit ive seen .	toxic
obama won that shit ? please .	toxic
just terminated my contract with comcast and returned their shit .	toxic
how the fuck does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees ?	toxic
i 'm honestly thinking about a dashcam to record the crazy shit i see every day on my commute .	toxic
this shit is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists .	toxic
how the fuck can a school president be paid over 40 k a year ?	toxic
where the fuck is captain planet ?	toxic
we voted for the guy who said he was going to shut this shit down .	toxic
oh shit i see these things all the time in nyc .	toxic
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want fucking facts .	toxic
i just can 't fucking comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily .	toxic
someone who knows the guy get him on this shit .	toxic
i am living there , and it feels like a fucking warzone .	toxic
lol gl , eygpt has a large ass military .	toxic
i 'm fucking glad everyone is so outraged by it .	toxic
you 've crossed the fucking line .	toxic
what the fuck did you think would happen ?	toxic
this type of shit always happens to me	toxic
and nobody gives a fuck .	toxic
but even a dumb person knows it was a fucked up idea .	toxic
this is what people told you would happen if you fucking invaded iraq .	toxic
they will simply tell the recognition system to look for these weird ass fucking faces and investigate them in person	toxic
because there 's a lot of good shit out right now .	toxic
who will save your ass then ?	toxic
also , holy shit this is in my hometown .	toxic
fuck no , but other people aren 't so fortunate .	toxic
dissolve police unions ! if walmart workers can 't unionize , why the fuck can police ?	toxic
does nobody here actually read the fucking article ?	toxic
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like shit this isn 't good	toxic
i 'd like to see them try that shit with russia	toxic
not even mexico would allow that shit when wal - mart tried it .	toxic
i don 't know , man , i 'm hearing a lot of good shit about germany today .	toxic
it sickens me that this shit happens in a country that pretends its the best in the world .	toxic
well we are now thoroughly fucked .	toxic
who the fuck gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor ?	toxic
yeah , bitches , i have a color printer .	toxic
the last pope blessed an entire fucking fleet of ferraris .	toxic
the fucking first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space .	toxic
how the fuck does it happen to a kid from the west ?	toxic
oh shit , i 've blown my cover .	toxic
maybe you should learn your shit before posting idiotic things .	toxic
just answer the fucking question .	toxic
how do you come up with this shit lol ?	toxic
it 's fucking depressing only hearing about death , corruption and celebrity scandals .	toxic
too fucking many of them on this website lately .	toxic
org it 's their fucking reserve force .	toxic
i 'm taking this shit to court .	toxic
which fucking assholes thought this was fake .	toxic
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn 't give a shit about it ?	toxic
they are just making shit up off the top of their heads .	toxic
you think if you take the moral high ground these people will learn and stop being dicks ? no .	toxic
what the fuck is happening there .	toxic
holy shit , i knew they were behind on so many levels but this .	toxic
ugh , god , why do you have to make this into such a fucking stereotype ?	toxic
who the fuck cares if they 're drilling again ?	toxic
vets can 't do anything other than fuck things up .	toxic
so i read the article that op posted and its confusing as fuck .	toxic
fast as fuck servers in switzerland with premium means good fast downloads .	toxic
everyone 's saying it 's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this shit .	toxic
get some fucking help or something .	toxic
letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more shit .	toxic
shit man , pass that joint	toxic
it sure as fuck isn 't going to do anything you don 't vote .	toxic
the whole system is shit .	toxic
holy shit you see his girlfriend ?	toxic
tell him to shut his cunt mouth .	toxic
and he doesn 't know what the fuck 71 chan is ?	toxic
that kind of fucking langauge offends me !	toxic
how the actual fuck did this happen ?	toxic
how the fuck do you define an ally ?	toxic
had to scroll down this far to read someone with some fucking sense .	toxic
a sad reminder that both sides need to get a fucking grip .	toxic
what the fuck is that cnn 'report' on that page ?	toxic
"dear god heads would fucking roll ! "" i went home to write the bank ."	toxic
what fuck is wrong with you people ?	toxic
i can 't believe this shit the government continues to get away with .	toxic
i don 't know how the fuck they get away with that .	toxic
it 's ironic that half you fucks cared more about the dam dentist who shot the lion .	toxic
they make sure that shit looks perfect .	toxic
bitch please ! she 's bringing rifles to a drone fight .	toxic
that shit happens all the time .	toxic
what good is a fucking stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?	toxic
shit ! maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood .	toxic
seriously by now i half expected the us government not to have shit like this happening all the time	toxic
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole fucking world .	toxic
where the fuck did those pictures come from is the real question .	toxic
why the fuck should eu grantee anything for ukraine ?	toxic
god fucking dammit , we 've still got 3 more months of this bullshit .	toxic
this happens every fucking time a new gta game comes out .	toxic
this shit is still going on ?	toxic
people in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge and shit .	toxic
detroit and their fucked up police need to change .	toxic
shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are soo fucking cute rally ?	toxic
make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it 's delicious as fuck .	toxic
and there are not a lot of options here in this tiny bum - fuck town .	toxic
honestly , it sounds over but this shit is just getting started .	toxic
""" why wont the fucking door open ? ! """	toxic
""" he 's about to enter the shit - tornado to oz"	toxic
why the fuck are they attacking us if we 're ready to leave ?	toxic
fuck that shit bro i live on the edge	toxic
""" and don 't you fucking encrypt your data so we can 't get it ! """	toxic
focus less on name calling and teasing and go fucking vote this time .	toxic
just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all that eastern mordor minded shit behind .	toxic
but , that bitch did set him up .	toxic
speak for your fucking self .	toxic
why the fuck do you need an article to explain ?	toxic
hillary is going lose her shit when warren gets the nomination .	toxic
funny ? you must find shit at r funny to be hilarious	toxic
i hope wilson sues the fucking shit out of them .	toxic
well shit , pardon me for trying to add to the discussion	toxic
and of course i had to use 28 rd party tools to clean all that shit up .	toxic
why the fuck does the us have a military base in near venice ?	toxic
the founding fathers would shit themselves if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the us	toxic
i fucking knew this sensationalist bs would be the title of all posts to come .	toxic
lol are we fucking serious ?	toxic
i live in the area and i honestly don 't give a shit .	toxic
i think we have better things to care about in paris than to showcase this shit .	toxic
they could care less about shit like this .	toxic
what the fuck happened to the anti trust department ?	toxic
what the fuck did you just say to me ?	toxic
panic all that fucking money spent on spying on you legal or not , wasted .	toxic
which they violate all the fucking time	toxic
if people didn 't buy this shit they wouldn 't be doing it .	toxic
raised ? it 's been there for a long fucking time already .	toxic
i just saw one of those and couldnt fucking believe it .	toxic
you 're shit out of luck of you ever start to make less money than before .	toxic
who gives a shit if they 're drunk and high ?	toxic
you see this sort of shit and think people can 't possibly believe it ?	toxic
someone fucking put these towers up right under everyone 's noses .	toxic
i 'm fucking afraid as well , i fear we 're next .	toxic
shit ! i just did it too .	toxic
can you imagine how fucked up it would be if they weren 't caught ?	toxic
but again i honestly don 't know how the shit works .	toxic
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are fucking terrifying !	toxic
dude wasn 't complying for shit .	toxic
take that shit down now , twitter ! !	toxic
i would rather that shit get cut off when i 'm really not aware of it .	toxic
which is really fucking scary .	toxic
how fucking awesome is that !	toxic
the fuck am i doing in the internet ?	toxic
""" what the fuck kind of margin is that ! ?"	toxic
casualties would obviously be low but it 'd be scary as fuck .	toxic
who the fuck are you gona call when that happens .	toxic
well put a fuckin' coat on , son .	toxic
if they wanted to hide it why would they fucking report it in the first place ?	toxic
he did terrible shit as well .	toxic
what a dick thing to say .	toxic
anything else is just fucking lazy .	toxic
can you give us some examples of fucked up texas laws ?	toxic
yes ukrainians actually really published such shit	toxic
these areas were semi - autonomous , why the fuck then is there a war for slightly more autonomy ?	toxic
i 've finally fucking seen it all .	toxic
what the fuck , why do you have to bring that into this ?	toxic
for whatever reason , your comment just blew my fucking mind .	toxic
this could either be really good , or a real fuck up .	toxic
"shit , "" the great firewall "" is a real thing ."	toxic
* * they hit the fucking pentagon	toxic
holy shit , californians making a correct decision for once ?	toxic
it tastes like shit , but that 's why you only really drink it while eating .	toxic
shit will fuck up and or end your life .	toxic
fuck my scruples , it 's an oil company .	toxic
where the fuck are their parents at ?	toxic
shit is crazy around here .	toxic
don 't laugh that kind of shit does happen .	toxic
in a thread like this , being that fucking vague is pretty goddamn toxic .	toxic
you don 't see the fucking irony here ?	toxic
we don 't fucking live in africa dude .	toxic
i don 't think you understand how fucked cartels are .	toxic
i mean in usa the shit got so chaotic lately .	toxic
fuck , my video card is tweaking out again .	toxic
but now that shit is illegal	toxic
i 've never counted on a government to save my ass .	toxic
a fucking deal if you ask me .	toxic
what if it is polished and shiny but dented as fuck from all the fights ?	toxic
what the fuck kind of thread did i walk in on here ?	toxic
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's bitch ?	toxic
what in the actual fuck just happened ? seriously .	toxic
let 's hope so , since * that 's exactly what he fucking did .	toxic
oh shit , i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling	toxic
you know to protect freedom and shit .	toxic
obviously they fucking do not ! in this case they didn 't even do the bare minimum ?	toxic
so what the fuck was the interview ?	toxic
it 's called a museum , you ass .	toxic
i 'm not cut out for that shit .	toxic
"i thought you were going to say "" they are actually working together to fuck us in our assholes ."	toxic
what exactly is your fucking problem here ?	toxic
we are not in a fucking hurry to find something that we can 't reach anytime soon .	toxic
that 's why you never say a fucking word until you speak to an attorney .	toxic
because fuck you and get back to work .	toxic
also , hawaii has fucking ski resorts	toxic
how the fuck do you think i feel ?	toxic
take the time to do the research , and stop posting ignorant shit online	toxic
the ukraine has been through enough shit in the past .	toxic
pretty sure its not his shit idea .	toxic
he is a good guy and went through a lot of shit for that medal .	toxic
exactly , fuck the part about ethical or moral .	toxic
and why the fuck was he carrying a knife ?	toxic
i flag all that shit .	toxic
i say fuck em , i would have done the same .	toxic
what the fuck is going on in that subreddit ?	toxic
but come 15 we 'll be back in the shit because nobody shows up for midterms .	toxic
security might have something to say as you carry a big ass ladder across the lawn .	toxic
i dip my cauliflower in that shit .	toxic
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right fucking there .	toxic
thats fucking it , im joining	toxic
the cop looks fucking * terrified * .	toxic
its gonna see some pretty boring shit .	toxic
you can probably find the actual location on a map or some shit idk	toxic
this isn 't news , it 's fucking common sense .	toxic
as an american who thought it was a dick joke , thanks .	toxic
this shit is really starting to upset me .	toxic
this whole planet is fucked .	toxic
that shit just happened for real in 40 .	toxic
i like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive shit .	toxic
wow , that article was absolute shit .	toxic
if we really gave a fuck about other people instead of being the snobby rich kids of the world .	toxic
won 't the batteries be shit by then ?	toxic
pretty sure most women don 't wear this shit out of their own choice anyway .	toxic
"chemical weapons don 't give a fuck about "" sides "" ."	toxic
"if verizon thinks they can redefine the word "" unlimited "" , they can see me in fucking court ."	toxic
who the fuck is buying them ?	toxic
it 's fucking pointless to keep going after tpb .	toxic
and what 's even crazier is that the whole fucking thing ran on 55 kb of memory	toxic
this sort of shit happens everywhere in every culture and country .	toxic
it 's fucking almost 81 years away .	toxic
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower shit number .	toxic
i can 't see anything out of this damn hood though	toxic
nah , i just wanna say what ever the fuck i want and not get called out .	toxic
it is even highlighted in the first fucking paragraph .	toxic
google that fucking shit yourself .	toxic
shit , i am getting old .	toxic
"i 'm using this as a standard unit of measurement "" how much is a shit ton ?"	toxic
fuck yeah boys , we own the moon !	toxic
oh wait its not well fuck , looks like my point is moot .	toxic
our options are all shit now that money = speech and we don 't have any	toxic
don 't forget stay the fuck out of pennsylvania .	toxic
"don 't go to "" james bond island "" , it 's boring as fuck ."	toxic
it 's about the media making shit up instead of actually bothering to understand the science .	toxic
you missed the entire fucking point of that last scene .	toxic
fuck yeah vermont is on reddit again .	toxic
come the fuck on people , its an obvious troll .	toxic
because it makes him a fucking hero to the far right .	toxic
same shit happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .	toxic
you know , i hope they keep this shit up .	toxic
&gt wall street really isn 't that corrupt quote of the fucking century right here	toxic
oh shit , that is amazing .	toxic
""" y 'all need to get da fuck out "" - jesus"	toxic
oh shit , totally forgot about that .	toxic
it 's fucking korea , it 's one of the most advanced industrialized nations on earth .	toxic
oh look , this shit again .	toxic
fuck knows why i 'm even replying .	toxic
fuck off and check my comment history .	toxic
anyone really want to continue defending this pile of shit known as obamacare ?	toxic
almost all real information gets sink down , while people discuss irrelevant shit	toxic
game was broken as fuck .	toxic
they 're just going to sit with their finger up their ass and complain like usual .	toxic
what the fuck do you care what people who love each other do ?	toxic
the fucking 1 % owns the government .	toxic
it used to be cheap as shit .	toxic
and the officer won 't be charged with shit	toxic
how about not showing up when aliens were fucking up new york	toxic
com that shit is serious business .	toxic
never buying their over priced shit ever again .	toxic
it 's good shit to know .	toxic
fucking give it to them .	toxic
shit , we need to use something bigger .	toxic
if you don 't like me talking shit about cops	toxic
even though 65 % of the world wouldn 't give a shit .	toxic
there 's so much shit that would completely break down without a government .	toxic
a few years ago , shit was going crazy .	toxic
or , you know , he 's lying out his ass .	toxic
can we start a downvote party to get this shit off reddit .	toxic
""" i 've know several people who got caught up in this kind of shit ."	toxic
anyone who signs this shit is a traitor .	toxic
at least keep that shit to yourself .	toxic
who the fuck cuts out part of the state of the union ?	toxic
you 're fucking with my head ! ! ! ! !	toxic
ain 't nobody got time to save anyone 's ass around here .	toxic
that , and it 's super fucking worth it .	toxic
and don 't say he can 't fucking do it .	toxic
what about the fucking un partition plan ?	toxic
no fucking way in sanity is this justified .	toxic
not as important to sanders as doing his fucking job .	toxic
after all the shit the last one did ?	toxic
while it may be bad shit , it also should not be schedule 92 .	toxic
then i realized that she 's probably just high as fuck .	toxic
good for you , do you want a fucking sticker ?	toxic
shit , seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews .	toxic
they don 't give a fuck , they get paid well and they 've got theirs .	toxic
i 'm honestly impressed as fuck by obama 's patience .	toxic
what the fuck does he expect them to say ?	toxic
fuck me , i * work * in one .	toxic
the south just historically gives less fucks about what the rest of the world thinks .	toxic
shit , looks like kansas is going to annex the rest of the us .	toxic
also , popping them out hurts like a bitch .	toxic
""" what the fuck is this ? ."	toxic
fuck it ! i 'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over .	toxic
how the fuck is mj still a schedule 44 drug ?	toxic
what the fuck is a point ?	toxic
do they not just burn that shit in an incinerator ?	toxic
i forgot the name of that piece of shit already .	toxic
until we do so drastically , this shit will continue .	toxic
fuck the hell out of that party .	toxic
leave that shit at the ukip rallies would ya ?	toxic
but hey i was drunk , don 't put that shit all on me .	toxic
that would be fuckin sweet !	toxic
this shit happens every single time someone either bashes or praises something on reddit .	toxic
there is one son of a bitch laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states .	toxic
* * all the shit he stole is with glen greenwald .	toxic
why the fuck they won 't go to the polls is beyond me .	toxic
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just fucking standing there .	toxic
this shit is actually getting upvoted ?	toxic
i lost my fuckin health care due to barry .	toxic
no one voted on that shit .	toxic
the fuck , is that thing for real ?	toxic
they run education and they do shit like this constantly .	toxic
welcome to the middle east bitch .	toxic
go read the fucking case	toxic
and what the fuck are you doing about it ?	toxic
fuck steve , i 've never heard of him .	toxic
the people get treated like shit yet in their minds they 're the best country on the planet .	toxic
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest fucking part .	toxic
and * no one * fucks with my family .	toxic
golf does not have to happen or be available in the fucking state of california .	toxic
if some of this shit happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me	toxic
why the fuck does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people ?	toxic
shit like that always happens at very close range .	toxic
how the fuck is a company not allowed to sell a product ?	toxic
last time we sent dads to japan that shit got sorted right out .	toxic
shit , that 's an entirely different thread .	toxic
is this a fucking game to them ?	toxic
i had no vote or voice in electing the people who were hot to send my ass to vietnam .	toxic
"i laughed so fucking hard when "" extreme "" was 18 ."	toxic
don 't have to deal with this shit .	toxic
georgia laws are totally fucked	toxic
in the words of george carlin the planet is doing fine , it 's the people that are fucked .	toxic
oh , right , they fucking haven 't .	toxic
yeah , because russia 's a fucking utopia .	toxic
they better not fuck with green man !	toxic
that 's like a fucking two dollar bill	toxic
shit , another 20 years would send us into a pre - industrial era economy .	toxic
they get a fucking pittance , just enough to survive .	toxic
why are universities convening courts for this shit ?	toxic
if a nuclear fucking scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner ?	toxic
would you eat a meal that was 55 % shit ?	toxic
and fuck i am proud of my nation .	toxic
they are both full of shit and we don 't want those jobs .	toxic
how the fuck do those actors say those lines without falling to the floor laughing ?	toxic
we arent even on the same fucking continent .	toxic
fuck , sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system .	toxic
i 'm glad the president unilaterally decided to do this , cause fuck congress and laws	toxic
like holy fuck this is insane , actually sound like a plot to some movie .	toxic
where do you blind ass simpletons come from ?	toxic
fly around that shit 72 72 and don 't let anything in or out , water or air .	toxic
this shit needs to stop , now !	toxic
oh shit , is that the crater ?	toxic
no we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of fucking manhattan was rocked .	toxic
"how the fuck did the west "" rush to support "" them ?"	toxic
have no idea what the fuck i ate	toxic
can 't they hook up their projector to a fucking chromecast ?	toxic
you know those are the same fucking thing right ?	toxic
of all the fucking politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .	toxic
large corporate entity takes a shit on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status	toxic
no he is in power and he is fucking the powerless .	toxic
shit nashville is still in the league eh .	toxic
go fucking google it or something .	toxic
the shit her own country does is just as bad , if not worse .	toxic
i mean the credit reporting shit is pretty corrupted on its own .	toxic
god i fucking love that movie i wonder why ? youtube	toxic
"why the fuck does this interest the "" world "" ?"	toxic
so now conservatives give a shit about these kids ?	toxic
get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and ill buy that shit .	toxic
shit , i got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours .	toxic
holy shit , i 'd be all about that .	toxic
their supporters don 't give a fuck about facts .	toxic
yep i 'm having a shit day .	toxic
shit , how do they digest food without chemistry ?	toxic
how the * * fuck * * is this considered anything close to legal ?	toxic
do we not go because our team sucks or because no one in canada gives a shit about soccer ?	toxic
and there are people here defending this shit .	toxic
* it 's the same fucking thing .	toxic
this shit doesn 't end does it .	toxic
unless you have money voting won 't do shit for you .	toxic
i 'm still trembling in my hands what the fuck	toxic
look at all the shit they 've pulled i	toxic
where the fuck are you living ? !	toxic
where the fuck do i sign up ?	toxic
i have serious fucking doubts that they wouldn 't do this .	toxic
we already got a fuck ton of indians coming here daily .	toxic
these days you can find apologists for fucking anything .	toxic
if they used it , they are responsible for it , this is fucking primetime television , not r conspiracy	toxic
fuck that everything should be free	toxic
it hurts how judgemental assholes view them , and no one gives a shit about that .	toxic
it 's the fucking iraqi air force .	toxic
""" those are big fucking tiers ."	toxic
hahaha i was on the way out when they starting to get strict with that dumb shit .	toxic
and i thought south park was just making shit up .	toxic
"the writers for "" house of cards "" couldn 't even come up with this shit ."	toxic
here 's a video of him , shit always cracked me up .	toxic
who does that shit when nobody is watching .	toxic
he 's a junior senator for fucks sake .	toxic
this shit is really kicking off isn 't it ?	toxic
they treat you like shit .	toxic
i mean dick fucking cheney , he must have been in the loop	toxic
you gotta inject that shit .	toxic
is she fucking buying $400 , 50 gallons of milk	toxic
how does this bitch still have a fucking job ?	toxic
i see you fucking everywhere .	toxic
both sides need to calm the fuck down or we are heading for dark times .	toxic
i 'm sitting here in my calm german city contemplating about my fucking problems .	toxic
dude , get a fucking clue .	toxic
tough shit , pay your bills .	toxic
i think this cop already feels like shit .	toxic
hamas is winning this battle despite the gazan death toll because hamas doesn 't give two fucks about gazans .	toxic
the garbage that is being created by cnn and other news agencies is outrageous .	toxic
no good bastards that we are and we are unrepentant about it .	toxic
clinton is a loser , twice .	toxic
some idiots no longer believe in national sovereignty .	toxic
did you read the article at all , or are you just another one of the gupta stooges ?	toxic
im more likely to switch back to conservative than vote for these clowns .	toxic
i find clough to often be a disrespectful jerk .	toxic
your protests are meaningless and pathetic at this point .	toxic
this is why i gave up teaching , because of fucking retards like you !	toxic
you can have your stinking office building .	toxic
you know damn well i didnt do jack shit .	toxic
jezz you people are really starting to look stupid now	toxic
what the fuck is your problem ?	toxic
the trump supporters are too stupid to understand this .	toxic
because , through our education system and the media , we have been dazzled by bullshit .	toxic
you clowns really need some lessons in reading comprehension along with logic and reason .	toxic
who the fck put you in charge .	toxic
pick up a history book sometime , and read the damn thing .	toxic
grow a brain , each of you .	toxic
it was pigignorant , whiny and childish , but not uncivil .	toxic
well said and damn right !	toxic
read the sign : report these losers .	toxic
nobody is forcing the players to protest , but someone is forcing them to listen to a crap song .	toxic
i cant believe other ignorant fools voted for him .	toxic
i am not looking out for my fellow man whose head is up his arse in his phone .	toxic
cant wait for the usual idiots to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem .	toxic
i blame the idiot victims , who pick up china as a destination .	toxic
can we just delete this fucking section ?	toxic
now the damn government is involved which always leads to problems	toxic
do even the dumbest of the dumb think that this had no affect on donald trump winning the presidency ?	toxic
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a ridiculous comment ?	toxic
what a stupid rating system this site has .	toxic
that is not a friggen hat , it s called a cover you idiots .	toxic
somehow the state found the funding to be stupidly tough on crime .	toxic
there is no s in fifa its football you dunce	toxic
the problem is people here are too caught up up in bougie bullshit to enjoy simplicity .	toxic
just because some jackass is an atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are any less false .	toxic
this has nothing to do with the article , but i fucking love paul millers late show .	toxic
the only sad thing , is that this moron weinstein got away with it for so long .	toxic
i doubt either of us makes a rats ass of a difference .	toxic
how dare you remove messages that i post on my talk page you wanker .	toxic
now the oil soaked clowns know youre weak .	toxic
thanks for handling this idiot .	toxic
this is totally sick and perverted behavior by one and all who commit this type of behavior .	toxic
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this crap started .	toxic
move back to alabama you hick .	toxic
now both of you can kindly f ( k off .	toxic
he wasyears old and a public figure old enough to know not to say stupid things .	toxic
these morons have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .	toxic
wikipedia should just give up , everyone knows people can just type whatever the fuck they want here .	toxic
he has what it takes to stop this crap .	toxic
well you dont have to pay for stupid shopping bags in springfield .	toxic
you can see the result as the economy lurches from one stupid idea to the next .	toxic
im starting to think repubs are a bunch of soft , scared brats .	toxic
american english isnt the fuckedup version .	toxic
she did not rob a bank stupid	toxic
what a daft allegation , and a complete evasion of the point under discussion .	toxic
crawl back into your hole .	toxic
for all his stupid tweets , trump is not much different than the others and around we go !	toxic
wtf stop deleting my stuff !	toxic
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly is foolish enough to put another u	toxic
dont be dumb , do some research kid .	toxic
so you think the fool we call our president actually has respect for his fellow man ?	toxic
can someone explain to these idiot jurors that the days of free money are over .	toxic
your a cocksucker u cant do anything to me	toxic
man , what a shitty excuse for journalism .	toxic
two days ago i saw a stupid driver driving backwards on a half block .	toxic
i can call people whatever i like idiot .	toxic
the clowns in the senate are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves .	toxic
why the fuck is this article protected ?	toxic
it is really hard to defend stoopid , greedy people who are easily manipulated .	toxic
what a silly sarcastic press release .	toxic
shit , god forbid there be something unsourced about a fucking current event .	toxic
better eat your damn caviar now because very soon those eggs will be glowing .	toxic
ongoing posts of your pathetic rant to jail hillary aint going to happen , 8wop .	toxic
yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the incompetent obama democrats .	toxic
around 23billion in unfunded pers should have these fools losing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away .	toxic
this reporter is an idiot .	toxic
what the fuck was that !	toxic
these selfrighteous hypocrites need to leave him alone .	toxic
massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get these bastards to act .	toxic
damn , must be global warming again .	toxic
give your head a shake and do some homework before you post rubbish .	toxic
your post is both silly and rude .	toxic
that darn great wall of china also has to go .	toxic
what the hell is a liberal or conservative to you ?	toxic
sure im just one person , but im one person of many who you jackasses have alienated .	toxic
and you need to pull your head out of your butt .	toxic
none of your damn business !	toxic
oh , darn it , isnt the dome infrastructure which now obviously needs rebuilding .	toxic
ryan and sorry gop working hard to shore up their ignorant base at the expense of healthy families .	toxic
surely an idiot knows today that fruit juice is bad for you .	toxic
who the fvck wrote this article ?	toxic
only someone so naive who has never smoked in their lofe would say such a ridiculous statement	toxic
this idiot was close to being president .	toxic
not gonna be able to block me now bitch !	toxic
they must have a ton of stuff on these cowardly republicans .	toxic
so quit hanging around writing dumb comments about the clintons .	toxic
its garbage , and i dont think it will get enough republican votes .	toxic
and then fire all these idiots in the state legislator .	toxic
that way you wont have to keep blaming others for your foolishness .	toxic
dumb dumb donald is true to his word : .	toxic
but the mad king has no balls at all .	toxic
what the hell do you know anything about military service idiot .	toxic
so we should wait until a child is killed ?	toxic
which is , itself , a stupid stance .	toxic
the task forces recommendations are stupid .	toxic
why else would she write such a garbage column .	toxic
it said under contruction , dick !	toxic
bullshit , japan should have finished .	toxic
now some idiot liberal judge says it now the reverse .	toxic
those cunts need sorting out !	toxic
these jerks were in possession of thousands of dollars of stolen vehicles .	toxic
stupid dems wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it .	toxic
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along stupid misinformation .	toxic
imagine someone this dumb actually being a canadian ambassador .	toxic
the iowa idiots are a real baseball team ! .	toxic
hes done more inweeks than any dick politicians has done in a decade .	toxic
what is it ? you little ass	toxic
"really ? ! is it really ? "" will you be my superman ? fuck"	toxic
lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but fuck dat shxt go follow my cousin realshit	toxic
dont matter we both do the same shit to eachother ahah	toxic
shit chillen fresh out the shower	toxic
i love you so fucking much baby	toxic
that was fucking amazing im not even being sarcastic you are a genius omg omg oh em gee	toxic
is drinking this nasty ass redbull and vodka that gave me	toxic
i was going to tell the story to the baker when the fucken tray i was carrying slipped	toxic
why the fuck do people continue to do that ? ! smh	toxic
the weather can be such a bitch	toxic
if christian beadles can be verified why can 't i ? we do the same shit on you tube	toxic
i 'm suprised , you watch that shit everyday .	toxic
what the fuck is going on ? ? !	toxic
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that shit going to be popping ya hear me	toxic
if we talking about the same shit , i feel you	toxic
yeahh but i never have time to download shit , just sometimes .	toxic
i like to watch people chase the bus down , that shit is so funny .	toxic
shit was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh	toxic
jay - z 's new website is so fucking sweet !	toxic
and i 'm not licking their asses , im a fan , supporting justin	toxic
go get a visa prepaid she can use that shit anywhere	toxic
lmao im taking my ass to bed .	toxic
i couldn 't get n tht fuckin library	toxic
you coming after my man ? bitch	toxic
we 've just got back , and now you 've gone and fuckin upset her !	toxic
thanks the amazing show last night ! it was fucking best concert been to in along time	toxic
what 's up with that shit !	toxic
good looks homie rt happy bday bro enjoy dat shit ! ! ! !	toxic
shit when bands are unsigned , it so hard for um to come to the uk	toxic
shut yo ass up ! lol	toxic
bitch you better let me see you	toxic
fuck , i just looked up pictures of scarification	toxic
yea i kno but dudes game always make me smile and i can see right thru tht shit	toxic
everybody knew that shit but me -	toxic
what the fuck am i saying	toxic
i brought u a bagel from panaera and ur bum ass didn 't even show - _ -	toxic
time for some tennessee bbq after one crazy ass day ! ! ! !	toxic
since when the fuck you have a twitter	toxic
i 'm ready ! bring it , bitch !	toxic
fuck this , i 'm embracing the power of madonna !	toxic
y the fk they sent people living in the west to work east .	toxic
i should have dropped her off cause i got shit to do	toxic
where the fuck are u ? ? ? ?	toxic
that shit hurt my wrist !	toxic
when did i say that to cherdon ! ? i never fucking said that .	toxic
where the fuck is my video ! ?	toxic
hahahah sorry that was just for that stupid bitch	toxic
this phone a piece of shit i need a t - mobile phone !	toxic
chuckles let 's get ya some fuckin food then	toxic
basically , the jury and the voting process are biased and totally fucked .	toxic
but i 'm a type of guy who doesn 't like hiding shit	toxic
hey , who the fuck erased my latest tweet ? ?	toxic
people need to fucking think before saying shit .	toxic
* shudders * probably be like the fucking ring	toxic
she don 't need that shit !	toxic
what type of shit is this , i 'm in a taxi haha	toxic
girl , get yo ' ass on and talk to me ! p	toxic
i couldn 't see it on my tv , they were tellin local shit	toxic
where the fuck are my strawberry pop - tarts	toxic
why the fuck are you in my life ? ! -	toxic
gotta get my life and shit together this shit aint no joke .	toxic
that 's a fucking lie i swear smh w	toxic
ha ' no i 'm not ! and fuck no	toxic
hell yea remember me on my bday lol that shit was funny ass hell	toxic
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this shit	toxic
ya tall ass could hide behind a tree is you wanted to	toxic
exactly , but whats wrong with yo ass	toxic
fuck now my phone has a virus	toxic
oh shit , i might try a rinse first .	toxic
unfortunately this bitch doesn 't like soda during track season	toxic
where you been at bitch ?	toxic
portal 18 was fucking excellent	toxic
lol but shit who want it my nigga	toxic
mhmmmm ! ! fucking love that man ! < 98 x	toxic
of course i freak out when he 's talking about shit like this -	toxic
heheh yes ! & what the fuck does undergarment mean ? x3	toxic
and talks shit and attention seeks .	toxic
just give me the wig bitch	toxic
a girl like me aint never unloyal so idk what shit you talking bout lmao	toxic
bitch he 19 fuckin feet	toxic
she 's fucking awesome and extremely nice !	toxic
ha i 'm just bored enough , i might do that shit lol	toxic
shit i got trapped behind the paywall already late for work - help	toxic
she b makin up words n shit tho	toxic
that would be cool and you have to go to paris ! i miss this fucking city lol	toxic
it was in 17 o he needs to get his ass back to making music	toxic
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime and shit	toxic
i am going to have a serious talk with that ass .	toxic
rt i just dropped the phone on a patient - _ - fuck	toxic
them shits expensive , but they pretty as hell .	toxic
i need to get my sweaty ass in the shower	toxic
you don 't wanna be stuck with annoying ass people haha	toxic
shit ill see wat i can do	toxic
it 's almost as annoying as this fucking slow broadband i 'm suffering through .	toxic
mah letter was a load of random shit x	toxic
shit , there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .	toxic
shit i wish i was going to belfast	toxic
think of all the fun shit we 've done in a year ! amazing .	toxic
i 've got to kick it 's ass and get back to having some fun .	toxic
doesn 't have shit to do with you .	toxic
my dad just came in and told me to turn my fucking music down cause hes going bed	toxic
if he doesn 't give a shit , then why should you ?	toxic
wait , today is monday ? ! shit it feels like sunday .	toxic
i 'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to fuckin sleep	toxic
im nervous ass fuck tho .	toxic
that 's how we roll , alt as fuck	toxic
fuckin yoda just tweeted me !	toxic
yeap because im a twat and leave things until the last minute haha .	toxic
* sobs * i told you i fucked up its all my fault ! ! ! theyre never coming back	toxic
anything with your sweet ass last name !	toxic
shit i don 't even know	toxic
wanna make a bet ? rt not fucking with mines though rt i 'm a professional lol	toxic
i woulda loved rebecca black if she sang a song that did something besides state the fucking obvious	toxic
i dont say shit to them .	toxic
shit i just did my housing yesterday	toxic
falcons made it , but then proceeded to get their asses handed to them	toxic
he just b taking to long for the simplest shit	toxic
i fucking love you too ! <3 p	toxic
well shit t , i don 't want to annoy them	toxic
what the actual fuck , my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine	toxic
lmao naa yooo this random ass number called me on accident and now it won 't leave me aloneeee	toxic
shit i can 't answer my m2u challenge question	toxic
oh holy shit ! ! ! ! they are dating ! ! ! omg	toxic
i have no fucking clue what this question is asking	toxic
bitch crazy ! rt lmfao ! ! u got to be kidding me with those rates	toxic
that must be a fucking joke	toxic
that mark dude on vt is fucking annoying .	toxic
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww shit i got a stalker	toxic
honestly idk all i hear is screaming and moving shit	toxic
shit , where are you from ?	toxic
shit , getting slightly impatient waiting on people	toxic
fuck now its raining in pg - _ -	toxic
my mother is a damn fucked up bitch .	toxic
why the fuck would i be having fun ? -	toxic
is actually a friend of the family so get ur fucking facts right	toxic
lmaooooo ! partyin here is shit .	toxic
fuck that bish , why did nazi germany use number in the gun names ?	toxic
i cried like fuck because i couldn 't go	toxic
lol you won 't find my ass in houston .	toxic
but all the same , it 's shit .	toxic
not a damn thing ! do it now while you 're young	toxic
is there a fucking problem with that ?	toxic
, but bitch i needa that smoke break	toxic
dont cry bitch laugh ! ! ! laugh ! ! ! ! just kidding	toxic
i 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for ya ass	toxic
holy shit ! there not that bad ? i mean they could be worse .	toxic
you make me laugh so fucking much	toxic
lol , yeah this grown ass bxtch was tryna argue with me on the internet	toxic
yalll bitches go hard lol i gotta catch up then	toxic
yeah , but watching videos on my computer is shit ! it takes forever to load ! !	toxic
bitch ! lmao naww i know i know what you mean	toxic
i left my whole fuckin bag in miami & noticed a hour later	toxic
yeah , i gooogled that shit	toxic
how the fuck do you get it to work	toxic
aron is fuckin ' amazing ! ppl should listen to him not hpew	toxic
i will , i fucking promise you steph	toxic
holy fuck i 'm so going	toxic
shit i wish i could be like you	toxic
i 'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests and shit	toxic
ever since aol did a merger with talktalk , my internet 's been shit .	toxic
lol , your right about that 34 & i ate that shit everyday as well	toxic
anne robinson finally quits the weakest link loool bitch got tired of winking and standing	toxic
this shit is getting out of hand	toxic
i want her ugly ass to get back here and balance that damned budget ! lls	toxic
shit im hatin tmobile right now .	toxic
some man just got stabbed in town ! o shit	toxic
then why the fuck did you just push them to the side ?	toxic
i just want to fucking hug someone and cry my fucking ass off .	toxic
oh shit , i think i scarred that over .	toxic
that would be fucking awesome lol	toxic
why didn 't you like my new pic bitch ? i 'm done with you !	toxic
look down my fucking profile there all about aiden !	toxic
yeah she can but she aint got shit on me though .	toxic
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that shit is hoooooot !"	toxic
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair long as shit what yu need tracs for	toxic
cant believe the shit i just heard	toxic
i agree hahahha he needs some of that wax shit you can mold hair with	toxic
yeah i understand just continue being strong and keep up the good work fuck the babydaddy your better without him	toxic
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this shit .	toxic
the night , i had school and stuff today , so i was busy with shit .	toxic
good shit rt oooo interestings , i like his work , good stuff	toxic
i do not want to start shit on that website with my name on it	toxic
man we been busy as shit	toxic
it 's a fucking good day	toxic
you know all y 'all gotta be there that shit would be toooo fun	toxic
i just wanna know what the fuck happened to my medicine ? ? ?	toxic
lmaoo i 'm nervous bout 57 somes too bitch i dnt think i could do it	toxic
i have a huge sore on my back , and it fucking hurts like a bitch	toxic
this niggah gon try & say he 60	toxic
i bet that bitch sleeps till noon	toxic
kinda but shit im ready for a relationship now !	toxic
who the fuck is donne hoover	toxic
shit was on the news i heard	toxic
yall shouldn 't showed me that shit	toxic
if the price is right , he 'll be your bitch all night long lol	toxic
lmao right , the fuck , i need some motivation today	toxic
bitch your lying ! ! ahhaha add me so i can deny ur ass ! ! hahahahhahah jk xd	toxic
watchin shit again u lol x	toxic
don 't fucking mention me in ur tweets bitch	toxic
i 'll keeepu updated on what time ima be there cus i got school n shit	toxic
where are all the fucking people ? !	toxic
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect your ass	toxic
don 't u kid kid me bitch	toxic
i completely agree , saving pearl saving his own ass	toxic
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross shit	toxic
you 're just bored as fuck , just like me .	toxic
and i 'm tired as fuck	toxic
she is fucking adorable and i can 't get over how much she looks like you !	toxic
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons and shit .	toxic
nd then when u say forget it they say i want to know ! nd ur like bitch move on	toxic
i wish this shit would happen to me .	toxic
all it would do is pass me the fuck out , lmao .	toxic
oh auight i gotta new english teacher and shit ! ! ! lol	toxic
i went last week and seen transformers , was fucking shite xx	toxic
i would love to fucking tweet again	toxic
ok let 's fuckin review for the idiot	toxic
what did god do on sundays ? so fucking bored	toxic
where 's my fuckin wallet ? ! ? ! ? ! ? lol	toxic
that shit wasn 't real wtf ? you have the same fuckin problems	toxic
but who the fuck cares ?	toxic
not shit though just trying to have some fun	toxic
and then she brought him in class and kept talking about her house like anyone gave a shit .	toxic
wasn 't trying to be a smart - ass though it does tend to happen	toxic
you still fuckin wit us next week nephew	toxic
don 't bother yourself with that shit .	toxic
ohh shit ! got any pictures ? haha	toxic
irn bru ! ? fuck , i thought that was dead	toxic
they usin that shit already ? - _ -	toxic
""" & he fucking stabbed the needle in my arm so hard it was bleeding d"	toxic
i 'm the one that stays away from shit like that unless my name comes up .	toxic
i pay for my own shit off of a juiceshop salary	toxic
no shit ? ? ! ! when da mixtape droppin ?	toxic
nothing at all just bored shit to do ! ! ! !	toxic
the back door of my house is going to be busy as fuck this spring break .	toxic
i don 't understand this shit	toxic
thats what his ass get .	toxic
rt i swear lemonade is the fuckn best handsdown	toxic
a big ass difference between the 58 ! ! !	toxic
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay , shit , i can 't wait !	toxic
they won 't give a fuck	toxic
i 'm halfway done with her crazy ass , and refuse to start from scratch	toxic
it 's cool yu won 't get shit next year .	toxic
shit bout to get me somethin to eat an take this car to the dealership	toxic
im still mad at this cunt .	toxic
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this bullshit with me	toxic
i 'm getting really fed up with this shit .	toxic
yeah , i googled that shit !	toxic
then the second time there was aloud ass noise in the background .	toxic
its ciara larason jondelle and get that shit right hoe	toxic
i don 't give a shit about it	toxic
tom is bad as fuck .	toxic
and i still haven 't fucking eaten	toxic
bitch when werent you in love lol	toxic
that shit always won me over .	toxic
why can 't i change my fucking picture ? - _ -	toxic
awww shit well lemme hear it when you do it	toxic
how the fuck are you ? !	toxic
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me suck ya juice box	toxic
i feel like shit all over again	toxic
still a boring ass tv show	toxic
i wanna be in this shit	toxic
needs to get her ass on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks !	toxic
lol whatever girl at least im getting paid shit	toxic
fuck you i want to play	toxic
am i wrong thinking a tax - exempt charitable grant can be to an unincorporated ass 'n ?	toxic
u need to turn you 're fucking phone off take a hot bath and relax with wine	toxic
midnight ? where the fuck are people going at this hour ?	toxic
and i have more followers ahahaha bitch xd	toxic
man i fucking love yall models	toxic
and ill miss you as much as ill miss the shit weather .	toxic
i dont mind being an aunt again but shes fuckin 78 ughhh so disappointing	toxic
that bitch ! lol joe is tryin to make me go downtown but im still sick as efff .	toxic
i rlly wanna say some shit but imma keep it to myself ! ! ! ! !	toxic
on a scale of 12 to fucking awesome , how was it ?	toxic
rt thank u gab > dumb ass she was agreeing with me ! ! !	toxic
"mom would be like "" fuck it , let 's have pancakes for dinner ."	toxic
fuck you and dione ' my mother wasnt here & you got my permission slip	toxic
really ? cus i 'm a fucking beast on that game o	toxic
holy shit i think i 'm going to see prince ! ! ! !	toxic
nah this shit is prime	toxic
but witout him dey aint shit bruh rela talk .	toxic
today i will say goodbye to my dear bb bold and welcome d new bitch in my life	toxic
when i start gettin dm 's about shit u said , it stops !	toxic
girl i don 't understand it ! just don 't say shit !	toxic
oh shit ! we freak when we run out in this house	toxic
yes all you need is a shoutout that shit works !	toxic
lol look like fuckin claws on their eye but what 's really sad they think they fly lol	toxic
its 66 am , why the fuck i 'm still awake i have no idea	toxic
oh fuck yea we get out hella early tommarow dddd	toxic
omg hall pass is so fucking funny !	toxic
if i good priiice , you put pussy magnet ?	toxic
no the fuck its not !	toxic
hahahah seriously i only answered like 54 questions & its only 54 lines , so fucking over analysing sources	toxic
oh shit , you remind me that i have to download visitor q	toxic
he creates a shit load of hate and drama on twitter by hating people like one direction	toxic
he changed ! okay ! he did , we all know it ! so please shut the fuck up !	toxic
loooooooool you bitch ! huhh your seeing me tomorrow	toxic
i didn 't check my notifications smart ass lol	toxic
imma keep all of dem fuck it !	toxic
lol stay my ass in the house nothing major & u ?	toxic
haha , yeah but now if i say that you 'll be ' sarcastic bitch ! ' p x	toxic
yeah this has happened like 10 times bitch - _ _ _ - smd	toxic
how 're you and your sexy ass doing ?	toxic
i can breathe freely ! ! fuck i need a shower !	toxic
my teddy has stole my wine n paper ! dick	toxic
i 've had a buncha shit going on but i 'll have it done im about to do it	toxic
and that shit is sad .	toxic
get that ass up and get to work lol	toxic
facebook god damn facebook is shit - twitter is where the party is at -	toxic
laying in my bed , watching this corny ass play	toxic
i 'm getting tipsy already , i might fuck around and fall asleep	toxic
that shit is lowkey amazing that he 's able to walk still	toxic
naw , you know i fucks with all types of music	toxic
""" < - - - imma need ur ass to come back lol"	toxic
but tami is that down ass bitch i just have to roll wit ! !	toxic
idk , i haven 't been outside & i 'll prolli end up doin the same shit i always do	toxic
fuck you u seen everything humf !	toxic
nope its the players , words dnt mean shit .	toxic
got a bomb ass plan for &	toxic
next time you want to talk shit about everyone in your life , make sure im not home	toxic
yo ma cuzzin hid the fuck out the keys yo	toxic
i never understood what the fuck that thing was .	toxic
get me the fuck outta here .	toxic
haha and shit , lol but i 'm tall so they r even shorter p	toxic
shit i need a new word to use now	toxic
if u don 't wanna talk to me then fucking tell me so	toxic
oh shit you can jam to them at home with me if ya want	toxic
yes i messed that ! but shit it really doesnt matter huh .	toxic
i wanna see u bitches tonight	toxic
dnt fuck widd my fam .	toxic
what ? ? ! ! ! ! tracey is getting out of jail ? ? ? ? fuck me	toxic
that 's dumb ass hell , cause then people wouldn 't have more followers than they following .	toxic
shit jus out here tryna make it !	toxic
lmao i 'm in sucky ass class	toxic
sausage sarnies for breakfast , fucking great	toxic
got damnn bitch can u just leave	toxic
i hate when people avoid shit especially when its serious	toxic
aw stop playin wit 93 b4 she beat yo ass lol	toxic
i never fucking wanted this .	toxic
and i was not fucking cooking loo	toxic
come get me then since your about to run away and shit lmao	toxic
but some just ruined my whole fuckin night	toxic
what the fuck is this ? ! ' lol	toxic
you know damn well im not in school lol	toxic
that shit looks expensive as fuck	toxic
shit got outta hand tonight haha	toxic
holy shit what nooooo i haven 't !	toxic
same shit except getn rdy for wrk as usual & making breakfast for the hubby	toxic
bitch , bastard i know it .	toxic
what are you saying ? i cannot understand a fucking thing .	toxic
ooo bitch ! i have a very pretty head and face thank you very much -	toxic
lmfao ! ! yo that shit was priceless hahahahaha	toxic
grabs handfull of popcorn and thros at my bitches ! ha	toxic
just played a boring ass game	toxic
maybe she is , but im done with this shit	toxic
pffft buy new and fuck the car you 'll be in london living zone 23 lol	toxic
fuck u i 'm jealous i wish i knew what school im going to	toxic
gotta be up at fucking 74 my life is so hard	toxic
man that bitch so cold .	toxic
hahah that shit is funny , crafy young man you are	toxic
it 's a drinking in the afternoon kind of rainy ass day fact	toxic
this piece of shit already is frozen	toxic
lol bitch what was you doing last night ?	toxic
* gasps * holy fuck ! i need to read that novel !	toxic
can 't you just fuck andget it over with ?	toxic
if you ever need help holding shit down this side of the rio grande .	toxic
lol i got too many tweets & i miss yo freak ass	toxic
reply to fb , its important and shit	toxic
im bored as shit ! wats the move ?	toxic
fuck ! it 's just for withdrawals	toxic
shit i have an interview next week and they 've specifically requested a print based portfolio	toxic
bitch don 't use my name in a tweet	toxic
that was some sad shit .	toxic
fuck ! how did she talk to you ? !	toxic
fuck i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath	toxic
feels the same as being 100 my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrowcrazy shit man	toxic
i don 't remember shit about it	toxic
holy shit , i hope he comes .	toxic
give some fucking respect to colleagues for once .	toxic
this cold is kickin my ass	toxic
who the fuck are you ?	toxic
yo fuck you i liked that mixtape lollololll	toxic
fuck you taking credit for some shit i wanted to do	toxic
bare on about paparrazi and shit like she 's experienced it before	toxic
kissing you , holding you close to me damn	toxic
that 's why i 'm fuckin ' here	toxic
but shit it gets old up here sometimes too .	toxic
nandos - great , or shit ? please vote .	toxic
fuck gettin older i wanna be a kid again lmao	toxic
sure bitch , see you later	toxic
bitch i miss you ! when you comingg to see me ! ?	toxic
well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny that shit	toxic
rt up early missing the shit outta my gf - good thing i live with mine	toxic
awh shit me too mhm lol so what you watching ? i feel like i 'm being weird	toxic
rotfl ! stop tryna go before i destroy yo ass !	toxic
all that shit you love and have a good birthday	toxic
it never was shit and its never gon be shit .	toxic
it 's called auto correct on my iphone you dumb ass	toxic
fuck that i aint going for a year ! ! !	toxic
no i dont otherwise i wouldnt have asked who the fuck is cory	toxic
lol ohh shit that good tho i just got a job interview d	toxic
well if you find out lemme know , i just might get off my ass and come through lls	toxic
fuck , why do i always listen to you	toxic
if i do hate him , what business is it of yours ? ? dumb bitch	toxic
i keep it real in this phony ass business	toxic
i don 't treat u like shit	toxic
lmao that 's a job well fucking done !	toxic
llh don 't be listening to my shit while you thinking of another	toxic
fucking love that song < 89 but i 'm listening to eminem right now haha	toxic
girl this shit jus got started	toxic
hd on these new tvs piss me off , they need to tone it down some , shit to clear	toxic
my boyfriend got arrested for throwing a rock at someone 's windshield after they fucking followed us .	toxic
p i love you bitch , thank you < 36 xxx	toxic
nobody fucking understand wtf im saying ! they acting like its cool	toxic
now i feel like an ass	toxic
the fuck how 'd you get blood on your shirt haha	toxic
i give a fuck though ! ! ! cause your important to me < 100	toxic
u 'd be surprised all the shit u think about when u jus sittin there	toxic
haha i just won 't though - cos you will never fucking call me ! xo	toxic
what you digging up ancient fuckin history for you dumb cunt ? you 're so fuckin desperate ! edl	toxic
i don 't even play that shit anymore	toxic
lol i wanna drop this shit today	toxic
- - your fucking lying to me yuu idiot	toxic
i could go find stuff to do but i 'm lazy as shit	toxic
jeff didn 't say shit about that .	toxic
you gotta come at me sideways nshit	toxic
what the fuck is on my tv now ?	toxic
sometimes i wish i could sing like maxwell , but then i say fuck it .	toxic
bc you dnt fuck wit me	toxic
fuck you stealing my jokes n shit	toxic
gotta goto fucking church with my family	toxic
i wish someone would help me make a damn decision already with this kickback and this damn jam session	toxic
holy fucking shit dude that 's amazing	toxic
i dont know how to work this shit	toxic
oh hail nawl - - - - bitch where are you ? !	toxic
yea im tired as shit ready to leave asap	toxic
where has your ass been ?	toxic
that 's right bitches , that 's my seat	toxic
seriously though it 's great , fuck a car gas is too much , 50	toxic
this shit is gettin crazy .	toxic
"why do ppl spell "" g "" words with a "" q "" ? ? stop dat stupid shit"	toxic
fuck yea i did , shit is better then both games combined	toxic
- < 10 , and i dont know who the fuck lied to you !	toxic
yes ! so fucking annoying ! now i can 't have sex for 56 months like wtf ! lol .	toxic
awwwwwww shit rt i got 2 followers hurry somebody get me another follower	toxic
stupid cunt , he just blames everyone else for what hes doing .	toxic
shit that 's why ain 't nobody riding .	toxic
i know ! shit , wheree you ?	toxic
well please tell what the fuck i actually fucking did because i honestly have no clue lolololol	toxic
he has about a million fucking tickets .	toxic
alan carr is so fucking funnnnny !	toxic
it is so goddamn messy here	toxic
what a shitty thing to say to somebody	toxic
and majority of the shit was already known to the public and police	toxic
shit , you lucky mother fucker	toxic
well stay yo ass in the house because im not	toxic
ahahahaha he dont want ur ass at home ? ? ?	toxic
not everything i post is about you , you fucking shit licking bastard .	toxic
who the fuck does she think she is ?	toxic
wow you 're super awesome bitch	toxic
why the fuck won 't anybody do anything ? so bored .	toxic
omfg i can 't find that shit no where ! !	toxic
what 's up with that shit ? it ain 't right ! is it ?	toxic
lol , real shit though it 's brianna .	toxic
enthusiast ? i am way fucking more than that	toxic
i suppose it 's more fun to make shit up	toxic
yeah get that car shit straight it 's time to go out and do it big ! ! lol	toxic
who is going to drive my drunk ass home ?	toxic
but i 've got mother fuckin ' moves like bieber	toxic
this is why you don 't live with the person you 're fucking .	toxic
that is such a fucking joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail	toxic
shit well i 'm bout to make my way back over there lol	toxic
i was such a bitch , please i 'm sorry	toxic
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who gives a fuck	toxic
fucking grey too ! wtf ! ! ! the beards on it 's way too ! !	toxic
shit lets do it then	toxic
i cannot sing to save my life honestly im so shit aahahah	toxic
you can do what you want , without having to worry about my ass	toxic
just tell me how old u are you ass hole	toxic
fuck yeah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations bitch ! < 6	toxic
fuck it , just get the van on it	toxic
how the fuck did you manage that ? ?	toxic
that shit look like a toupee	toxic
why the fuck are french people tweeting me	toxic
i 've been up since 62 bitches	toxic
people jus be so sensitive bout shit	toxic
oh shit i forgot about summer reading	toxic
well hurry da fuck up then ! ! !	toxic
hmm well not really but shit why not	toxic
bitch you don 't know my life !	toxic
that grove street party beat is my shit	toxic
if she did it then she should just admit the shit	toxic
ha ahh shit , how much is it ?	toxic
i hate having to do shit last minute but i also do it .	toxic
i could use a big ass hamburger	toxic
do one of the following or fuck off 1	toxic
i don 't feel like going to work man fuck	toxic
wtf is he talkin bout ? retarded ass	toxic
iwish my mom would pull that shit ,	toxic
sister i missed ya ass ! !	toxic
just stop acting like you know shit about my life .	toxic
fuck dont link your tumblr to twitter or fb thanks	toxic
i knew your silly ass was gonna say something	toxic
ok thats was some nasty shit	toxic
shut the fuck up , geek !	toxic
what the fuck imma cook ? !	toxic
a grown ass man sipping from a straw is not a good look !	toxic
i do the funniest shit when i 'm by myself	toxic
this movie is fucking bullshit	toxic
we always task about the same shit in here .	toxic
lmao didn 't know ppl still watched that shit	toxic
ima go crazy ! ! they scare the shit outta me	toxic
i 've been being lazy as fuck .	toxic
i don 't really give a fuck about the royal family	toxic
shits gone blow yo mind ! ! ! ! so huge .	toxic
it 's a shit part of the sport that every team is guilty of	toxic
but its hot as fuck down here	toxic
haha shit burn one for me my nigg	toxic
and there are lots of factors why shit is the way it is in the middle east	toxic
son , what the fuck are you talking about ?	toxic
idk i 'm bored ! spark some shit up ! lls	toxic
exactly this shit pissin me off	toxic
what was the other shit film ?	toxic
this is a good ass game ! swear	toxic
what kind of shit is that ? !	toxic
because it hurt like a bitch	toxic
finally got my lazy ass off of my chair to go and buy coffee	toxic
i 'm fucking done with every single one of you .	toxic
mate i have a bite or a heat spot ! and i 'm burning like fuck !	toxic
holy shit ! you got to meet ? ?	toxic
yo ass was talking too thee window yesterday .	toxic
i don 't wanna do no fucking community service ! ! ! !	toxic
ur in a fucked up situation rite now lmfao	toxic
where the fuck is the next gob iron album ?	toxic
man what ? ! ? how can i forget that shit	toxic
yeah it is lol but the way y 'all talking about her damn lol lol	toxic
every bitch wants tht title -	toxic
if they 're horrible , i 'm a bitch lmao	toxic
we gone find us some find mother fuckin new yorkers	toxic
lol that shit had me feeling like that too .	toxic
"the fuck you doin ! ? ! ? "" ahahahah p"	toxic
i 've been doing alot ! jks fuck all ! bored as ! x	toxic
fucking hell , i just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53 , fuck you broken laptop	toxic
who the fuck was that cuz that was mela	toxic
and that didn 't fucking happen	toxic
i 'm sorry for asking i ask random shit like that	toxic
i 've been the laziness piece of shit all week ! are you working school today ?	toxic
say yes please give me the fucking meds when i asked	toxic
cuz my mom isn 't replying and i feel like shit and i wanna cry	toxic
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's fucking awesome	toxic
ew i tried that shit once	toxic
i started crying ! it 's so un fucking fair ! ! !	toxic
some bitch just ruined harry potter for me	toxic
i was scared as shit but my test must have came out good because i still got my job lol	toxic
how the fuck do you get all these ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? lmao	toxic
the old stuff is getting old , time for some new shit ! congrats btw !	toxic
yeah he cheating stop fucking with that nerd lol	toxic
""" your suffocating me ! "" look , bitch , - -"	toxic
i 'm 35 and still act like a fucking 15 yo lol	toxic
he deserves to know he fucked up .	toxic
im having the hardest time accepting that shit man ! ! ! irefuse to believe this shit	toxic
go do something & leave our convo rt fuck both yaull ! ! !	toxic
fuck it let 's get some !	toxic
but wasssup with that shit .	toxic
da zoo smell like ass .	toxic
thought i was the only person that didnt watch that shit lol	toxic
shit wasnt lookin so good p	toxic
fuck , i suddenly want a dslr really bad .	toxic
why you unfollowed me fuck man	toxic
fuck going on a cruise	toxic
marsha ambrosius released a dope album , and watch her shit flop	toxic
ever wish you hadn 't fucked up ? tweeted from wrong account	toxic
rt damn i got class in the morning	toxic
i dont give no fuck ! beyonce is great	toxic
why the fuck are we talking english ? press 57 for turkish arog	toxic
"rt "" so tonight i 'll just fuck you like we 're in houston"	toxic
ryan find ur fuckin own .	toxic
my leg still hurts like a bitch from when i hit it off the table this weekend lol	toxic
i 've been saying this shit since before they sent the clocks forward	toxic
* shit ! fuck , you can 't do that mark !	toxic
because there aren 't any fucking consequences	toxic
because his piece of shit parents covered for him .	toxic
how the fuck do you think you know the exact amount of malware for osx ?	toxic
ptsd can really fuck with a person ! shouldn 't be overlooked .	toxic
every time this shit happens .	toxic
an upvote for the chance reference , and an upvote for fucking fox news .	toxic
nancy did the same shit with bush	toxic
they have plans for that shit yo .	toxic
seriously , what the fuck kind of news have you been watching ?	toxic
he was a fat ass that had a heart attack .	toxic
""" wait , shit , so my boyfriend and i are married ?"	toxic
shit , i needed new shoes .	toxic
i don 't fucking buy it .	toxic
i wish the same , but the us won 't do jack shit to him .	toxic
it 's 92 in the uk , but nobody gives a shit .	toxic
bout to say , all energy commodities are low as shit right now .	toxic
well i guess we 're goin' the fuck home then	toxic
just being a wise - ass to get karma .	toxic
skyrim sellswords are loyal as fuck .	toxic
where the fuck was i ? ? ? ? ? ?	toxic
rms has been warning people about this shit for years before the snowden docs	toxic
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this shit for decades .	toxic
how the fuck did they not notice that ?	toxic
well fuck , can grandma get a refund for all those t taxes she paid her whole fucking life .	toxic
half of bob marley 's songs are hard as fuck to listen to the lyrics .	toxic
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the fucking station .	toxic
read the article before posting shit .	toxic
headscarfs were banned in schools in turkey as well but thanks to fucking erdogan it isn 't anymore .	toxic
you think its bad now , you haven 't seen shit yet .	toxic
who the fuck cares what either of them think ?	toxic
i don 't get a fucking medal for doing mine .	toxic
shit must be getting real if canada is getting involved .	toxic
drunk driving enforcement shouldn 't be an excuse to shit all over someones rights .	toxic
there isn 't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level of shit .	toxic
if liberals are so fucking smart , how come they lose so goddamn always ?	toxic
living in germany saved my ass this time .	toxic
people are not getting it because no one gives a shit	toxic
shit , we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then .	toxic
don 't get how shit comments like that even get upvoted here .	toxic
i mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no fucks .	toxic
who holds you accountable for shit like that when you 're 39 ?	toxic
nestl is the worst fucking company on the world , i stopped eating any nestle food things .	toxic
he might have just been having an incredibly good day before this shit happened .	toxic
i love it , but it 's fucked up .	toxic
just registered to vote because i have put it off way the fuck too long .	toxic
"donald trump "" how the fuck can you be considered a real party after that ."	toxic
i pay the ticket as ordered because * i broke the fucking law .	toxic
i 'm usually all about helping but fuck that	toxic
just this whole north korea thing is fucked .	toxic
not sure why this shit gets upvoted , let me see some real news .	toxic
yeah that shit goes out the window when you get into a fight .	toxic
shit , i never thought of that .	toxic
jesus fuck this quote needs to stop .	toxic
game was over , but the refs should have kicked his sorry ass off the field .	toxic
jesus , what 's with everyone being so fucking negative ?	toxic
well then fucking do it asshole .	toxic
i mean shit we have black bears here in arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks .	toxic
fucking click bait , and to make obama look good after last week .	toxic
i would watch that shit on espn .	toxic
holy shit , i 'm not alone .	toxic
oh wait , no what the fuck is going on in these comments ? ! ?	toxic
where the fuck is angry superman ?	toxic
are you fucking high or something ?	toxic
that i don 't really give a shit about .	toxic
theres no way that bitch will win .	toxic
i wish i could upvote this shit a million times .	toxic
like where the fuck do you even buy a hippo ?	toxic
seems like shit is getting too hot over there .	toxic
anything to get their kids away from these fucking psychos .	toxic
why the fuck any woman would join the u	toxic
cos i fucking love advocados , broccoli and oranges .	toxic
we can 't even do shit about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them .	toxic
but , * high school football * , no one gives a fuck about .	toxic
they must be safe as shit .	toxic
who the fuck do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground , dumbass ?	toxic
do you guys think india cannot make a fucking robot ?	toxic
i fucking despise the tsa .	toxic
better yet , why the fuck was the original article even upvoted ?	toxic
four months for five fucking dollars ?	toxic
you turn in these fucks you would be drinking for free for life	toxic
its about fucking time a state does something about this issue .	toxic
well fuck you ! but really it 's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue .	toxic
fuck it , im out of here	toxic
would he do this shit ?	toxic
this is not fucking equality .	toxic
dude ham sandwich is the good shit .	toxic
surprisingly none of that shit is going on .	toxic
well if the right got their shit together and had decent candidates it wouldn 't be an issue .	toxic
what the literal fuck is wrong with people ?	toxic
come and fucking take it .	toxic
we get a new flu shot every year because of fucking evolution .	toxic
looks like the fucking nra won .	toxic
why the shit does this need to be part of your constitution ?	toxic
seriously dont we have anything better to address than this shit .	toxic
the person who replied to you is talking shit .	toxic
i 'm going with rock inside the chute or piece of frozen shit from a plane .	toxic
it 's right fucking there in the constitution .	toxic
who the fuck uploads that to tumblr and expects nothing to happen ?	toxic
that shit went down and you should find out what ?	toxic
you are right , they could give less than a shit about what an individual thinks .	toxic
what the fuck is the point behind this ?	toxic
and why the fuck are you doing it ?	toxic
for real , i fucking actually laughed out loud when i saw this stickied on my front page	toxic
? the fuck 's wrong with you dude ?	toxic
so you are a coward and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ? pussy .	toxic
so it won 't work for shit like the overpriced website for a bs law .	toxic
we install adblock in order to not read that shit	toxic
fuck , i will be glad when we finally have those fuckers marginalized .	toxic
holy shit , how have we not heard about this ?	toxic
this is kind of like that , except that the infant is usually too smart for that shit .	toxic
i 'd rather have a fucking root canal .	toxic
oh , fuck , man , why so cruel ?	toxic
that 's because privacy fucking isn 't a joke .	toxic
the man is an absolute piece of shit .	toxic
if the us goes down , you and most of the rest of the world is in deep shit .	toxic
hey , soy is fucking awesome .	toxic
if i have to go outside anyhow , fuck it , i 'm having a real cigarette .	toxic
that 's because the bad shit gets blown out of proportion .	toxic
why isn 't the fucking un doing something here ?	toxic
if you want privacy its not fucking hard to have .	toxic
let them figure their shit out .	toxic
otherwise shit might have gotten real .	toxic
thats a pretty fucking simplistic view of it	toxic
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out his ass .	toxic
this sort of shit was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades .	toxic
"how the fuck do you know who is in this "" group "" ?"	toxic
"it isn 't a symbol of "" southern pride "" , its just fucking racism ."	toxic
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry like a bitch .	toxic
fuck this , i 'm outta here .	toxic
honestly though , what the fuck was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place ?	toxic
things go south and in general , i 'm losing 20 % of my shit .	toxic
holy shit ! obama caused a revolution ?	toxic
"how the fuck do people with "" regular "" incomes afford to live up there ?"	toxic
you hit a couple and the rest will run like the cowardly stains of shit they are	toxic
now i 've fucking heard everything .	toxic
how in the fuck do you know what degree people got ?	toxic
who the fuck is buying this oil anyway ?	toxic
the poor should get to fucking work .	toxic
it 's time we go in again and clean some shit off .	toxic
if it doesn 't make sales go up , they don 't give a rats ass .	toxic
shit , i feel sorry for that house .	toxic
our elections are so fundamentally fucked .	toxic
do we really think the bad guys won 't fucking win huge in this one too ?	toxic
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren 't going to do shit .	toxic
we do perfectly fine without shooting shit up .	toxic
fuck it let them keep taking it all from our troops til they have nothing .	toxic
and business as usual is fucked up .	toxic
also , smoking 81 grams of tobacco at once would be fucking awful .	toxic
they fucked up entering coordinates on their star gate .	toxic
you can 't fucking steal drugs and then fucking sell them from the evidence locker .	toxic
he grew up in a society where that shit was normal same as in europe at the time .	toxic
when i was younger i had no fucking idea what they were saying on this line	toxic
it 's fucking swift boating all over again .	toxic
its all beginning to meld into the same sack of shit .	toxic
it amazes me that people work their fucking asses off in a job for 69 , 69 dollars .	toxic
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis "" fuck them"	toxic
if those numbers are true that is fucking scary .	toxic
let 's just seal that shit up so any down the line mutations are of little concern	toxic
aliens must think we 're so fucking weird .	toxic
they know what they 're fucking doing by keeping the workers poor .	toxic
i think it might be time to take a fucking hint , guys .	toxic
pretty much all the awful shit about those two came to light two or three elections ago .	toxic
would you fucking stop with these lies ?	toxic
they don 't have the fucking money , or aren 't planning on giving it back .	toxic
it 's fucking amazing that opportunity is still at it , too .	toxic
* of course i don 't support fucking looting * .	toxic
fucking christ these comments are terrible .	toxic
they certainly didn 't do shit when india invaded portuguese goa .	toxic
they are just trying to cover their asses .	toxic
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy shit like food for themselves .	toxic
these days a kid makes a mistake it will fucking stick .	toxic
why the fuck are people calling this a crash ?	toxic
god damn it , now i might have to get up off my ass and do some work .	toxic
i feel so fucking bad for the palestinians .	toxic
anyone who doesn 't kiss the ayatollah 's ass must be expelled to keep your ranks pure .	toxic
why is it that when a conservative repeats talking points everyone loses their shit .	toxic
including packing the tinder for this type of shit	toxic
fuck up big , get a nice paid vacation .	toxic
which is pretty fucking fast .	toxic
i don 't suspect this is a big fucking deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis .	toxic
but if you poke a bear don 't be surprised when it tears your fucking face off .	toxic
what the fuck is night cheese ?	toxic
mind your own fucking business , assholes .	toxic
for fucks sake dea - how much more evidence do you need ?	toxic
no shit , that 's why i said i was all for this law .	toxic
your name is fucking accurate .	toxic
what will it take to fix this shit ?	toxic
we beat their ass every time anyway .	toxic
there is absolutely no excuse for this shit .	toxic
yeah who needs trade and progress and shit .	toxic
send in the fucking national guard .	toxic
productivity is off the fucking charts .	toxic
holy shit , you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised ? !	toxic
new zealand redditors need to identify themselves so i don 't cause undue stress by talking shit to them .	toxic
ehh , one of those shit piles has flowers growing on it .	toxic
and why the fuck wouldn 't he .	toxic
get a real job ya damn commie ! lol	toxic
seriously , we 're not all on a fucking mobile device .	toxic
just what the fuck makes them so rich ?	toxic
then fucking do something un !	toxic
putin is a dick , but about this he is 8 % right .	toxic
fucking amazing performance , if you can get through it .	toxic
wrong , it fucking did neither .	toxic
too many fucking children on reddit suggesting that .	toxic
fuck , i wouldn 't even do that .	toxic
this kind of shit makes the news daily .	toxic
not really that fun they are heavy as fuck	toxic
i don 't give a fuck what this guy thinks .	toxic
you got your weird ass shit , i got mine .	toxic
there will always be idiots who believe crazy shit .	toxic
shit , it won 't get a vote in the senate .	toxic
you can get a lot of shit onto a thumb drive .	toxic
then fucking report them and they won 't be able to take snap anymore .	toxic
i can 't get enough of those bitches .	toxic
how in the actual fuck did he get re - elected .	toxic
a us lawmaker calls the israeli prime minister a chicken shit and is praised for it .	toxic
seriously , what the fuck is wrong with reddit ?	toxic
it is a shit article however .	toxic
i didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article , fuck head .	toxic
zero fucks were given this day	toxic
article good title shit i think that 's what most people are trying to say ?	toxic
doesn 't mean they wont continue to be dicks to each other .	toxic
go to a fucking gym for once in your life	toxic
so his shit partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .	toxic
fucking shit ! they have money for that ! ?	toxic
every north korea thread has the same tired unoriginal shit pile jokes .	toxic
without funding , shit gets bad .	toxic
i hope this gives the usa a reason to shit or get off the pot already .	toxic
i fucking accidentally clicked on it to asshole !	toxic
probably when the cpc won a majority and decided they could do whatever the fuck they want .	toxic
most new zealanders dont give a fuck stuff	toxic
it 's always these fucking island nations .	toxic
who gives a fuck about money ?	toxic
the youth has do deal with their shit for another 86 years .	toxic
should be fucking common sense .	toxic
i 'm not busting my ass for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax .	toxic
modern typography holy shit , breaking the bank with this one !	toxic
"this shit is not "" free speech "" it is violence and intimidation ."	toxic
no way did moses read all that shit .	toxic
if you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt as fuck	toxic
but keep believing made up shit , idiot .	toxic
but who fucking knows , not me .	toxic
why the fuck are a lot of these comments defending this guy ?	toxic
i can 't even begin to imagine all the crazy shit they are already planning on doing .	toxic
how much more fucking editorial can you get ?	toxic
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to fucking murdoch 's bullshit "" news """	toxic
no shit , there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name .	toxic
fuck black friday ! ! it 's all about small business saturday , whoop whoop ! !	toxic
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from stupid shit like possession and shop - lifting .	toxic
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would fucking get the hell out immediately .	toxic
did you not read the fucking article ?	toxic
the guy cannot sing any more he 's fucking old man , leave it be ! !	toxic
even if none of the bros present have any idea what the fuck they are looking at .	toxic
what is this , fucking korea ?	toxic
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , the fuck was he thinking ?	toxic
lol are you fucking kidding me .	toxic
at this point , why don 't they just ban the fucking acid from personal use .	toxic
colorado , why the fuck did you do this ?	toxic
fuck i 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs .	toxic
i could be totally fucking wrong though .	toxic
give me a fucking break there is no excuse for that .	toxic
as per company policy , she was asked to go through a drug test what the fuck ?	toxic
fuck no ! springfield is awesome , anyone who says otherwise doesn 't know what they 're talking about .	toxic
why in the fuck is this man being down voted ?	toxic
and put the money into the fucking medical and educational systems lol .	toxic
nah , that shit will be boring to my grandkids .	toxic
well turns out most of this shit was done by one party not the other .	toxic
how on earth pakistan has fucked things up with their iranian relations is just sad .	toxic
what the fuck do people still use ivory for ?	toxic
why do they fucking care who buys drugs	toxic
don 't trust a fucking word these people say .	toxic
sup reporting this same fucking article every three hours .	toxic
we 're fucking broke right now , i don 't think it was because of money .	toxic
did you seriously just ask how many murders his ass hole is responsible for ?	toxic
take care of your own fucking family .	toxic
"that 's why i said , "" why the fuck do we need shit ."	toxic
holy shit , don 't do 75 mg .	toxic
it 's pretty fucking convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class .	toxic
so fucking different , thanks for pointing that out	toxic
* and i have fucking insurance * .	toxic
he was only twenty fucking years old .	toxic
then what the fuck was your previous comment for ?	toxic
he 's gonna be announcing that shit forever .	toxic
so sad nobody boycotts this shit .	toxic
props to him for sources and knowing his shit !	toxic
but how the fuck are you going to have a president then ?	toxic
who the hell thinks this makes any fucking sense whatsoever ?	toxic
they did hit the people who fucked up the safety though .	toxic
not because fifa gives a fuck , but because there 's a lot of eu support .	toxic
you think you 're fucking funny huh ?	toxic
it 's not a fucking multivitamin .	toxic
what am i saying , it 's fucking australia , of course there 's scary animals .	toxic
didn 't this cunt used to be a doctor ?	toxic
oh fuck it made me laugh that everything is still there .	toxic
then you might want to keep that shit to yourself and just tell people you went to itt .	toxic
am i the only one here who doesn 't have a fucking ipad ?	toxic
this entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start shit .	toxic
how could you fuck that up ?	toxic
how the fuck can a college kid afford a $350 belt ?	toxic
what we witnessed here today was a fucking miracle , and i want you to acknowledge that .	toxic
why the fuck are they still on paper files that can be thrown out ?	toxic
i fucking guarantee there will be one .	toxic
he 's been a piece of shit ever since he was elected the first time .	toxic
space is its own race , bitches !	toxic
this is fucking annoying now .	toxic
why doesn 't that shit happen to me ?	toxic
not happening in a million fucking years .	toxic
why should his people have to suffer for what their piece of shit dictator does ?	toxic
funny how they can see that shit in other people but not themselves .	toxic
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications , now that shit is wrong .	toxic
fuck me that movie was bad .	toxic
"what the fuck are you gonna do about it ? """	toxic
whatever the fuck they are even talking about with that .	toxic
that 's the free market , bitches .	toxic
this is exactly why politics is so fucked .	toxic
fuck , jewish people admit it .	toxic
holy shit whats the reasoning for 28 + upvotes people ?	toxic
i figured people might care but apparently nobody gives a shit about him anymore .	toxic
the pirate bay goes down all the fucking time .	toxic
oh and all that shit fast food those poor people are eating ?	toxic
fly me to the moon like that bitch alice kramden !	toxic
not everyone can or will be as dedicated to your fucking shit as you are , so chill out .	toxic
like really , what the fuck was i thinking .	toxic
they exist for shit like this .	toxic
* how to embed fonts in fucking microsoft word documents .	toxic
that shits happening now i guess .	toxic
a whole lot of fucking good that did .	toxic
all the people talking shit about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81	toxic
holy shit , you are missing the whole point .	toxic
am i the only one who doesn 't give a shit ?	toxic
instead , get yer ass to the voting booth and do soemthing about it .	toxic
that episode is a year old , bitch .	toxic
i have a bmw and i fucking love it	toxic
shit did i say rockets ?	toxic
shit ! that 's been their plan all along !	toxic
might be surprised if they keep shit up like this .	toxic
every single fucking group can 't be covered by anything .	toxic
it 's about sending a message of zero tolerance of this sort of shit to discourage others .	toxic
why isn 't this on the fucking front page ?	toxic
people in r portland have shit fits _over everything_ .	toxic
do any of you guys ever once think this shit through ? ? ?	toxic
do people get that this whole organization is a fucking joke , yet ?	toxic
i 'm more alert than most people , and i see shit way before other people .	toxic
yeah , lets not fucking be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .	toxic
seriously , who the fuck cares ?	toxic
fire her ass or she can look for another job	toxic
""" oh , you can 't afford shit ?"	toxic
who the fuck invests in any of his ventures ?	toxic
they don 't give a shit about animals .	toxic
thank fucking christ there 's an amendment to prevent that .	toxic
that shit will be logged , analyzed , and used against you in a court of law .	toxic
you wouldnt believe the shit ive seen .	toxic
obama won that shit ? please .	toxic
how the fuck does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees ?	toxic
this shit is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists .	toxic
how the fuck can a school president be paid over 40 k a year ?	toxic
we voted for the guy who said he was going to shut this shit down .	toxic
oh shit i see these things all the time in nyc .	toxic
come back to bite them in the ass .	toxic
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want fucking facts .	toxic
i just can 't fucking comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily .	toxic
someone who knows the guy get him on this shit .	toxic
what the fuck did you think would happen ?	toxic
this type of shit always happens to me	toxic
"stop trying to compare this shit to "" papers please ."	toxic
and nobody gives a fuck .	toxic
this is what people told you would happen if you fucking invaded iraq .	toxic
they will simply tell the recognition system to look for these weird ass fucking faces and investigate them in person	toxic
because there 's a lot of good shit out right now .	toxic
who will save your ass then ?	toxic
thats a good buzz word to get shit done .	toxic
dissolve police unions ! if walmart workers can 't unionize , why the fuck can police ?	toxic
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like shit this isn 't good	toxic
i 'd like to see them try that shit with russia	toxic
"i 'm baffled why anyone would give a shit what michelle "" coat tail rider "" obama thinks ."	toxic
there 's worse shit than that going on .	toxic
fuck yeah ! , i always think of this kids in the hall sketch youtube	toxic
not even mexico would allow that shit when wal - mart tried it .	toxic
i don 't know , man , i 'm hearing a lot of good shit about germany today .	toxic
well we are now thoroughly fucked .	toxic
but mostly thats cause the boats are shit and your average person doesn 't know dick about sailing .	toxic
who the fuck gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor ?	toxic
yeah , bitches , i have a color printer .	toxic
the last pope blessed an entire fucking fleet of ferraris .	toxic
the fucking first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space .	toxic
how the fuck does it happen to a kid from the west ?	toxic
oh shit , i 've blown my cover .	toxic
maybe you should learn your shit before posting idiotic things .	toxic
just answer the fucking question .	toxic
ya because we don 't sing it every fucking game right ?	toxic
how do you come up with this shit lol ?	toxic
it 's fucking depressing only hearing about death , corruption and celebrity scandals .	toxic
too fucking many of them on this website lately .	toxic
org it 's their fucking reserve force .	toxic
i 'm taking this shit to court .	toxic
which fucking assholes thought this was fake .	toxic
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn 't give a shit about it ?	toxic
they are just making shit up off the top of their heads .	toxic
you think if you take the moral high ground these people will learn and stop being dicks ? no .	toxic
what the fuck is happening there .	toxic
holy shit , i knew they were behind on so many levels but this .	toxic
ugh , god , why do you have to make this into such a fucking stereotype ?	toxic
who the fuck cares if they 're drilling again ?	toxic
vets can 't do anything other than fuck things up .	toxic
so i read the article that op posted and its confusing as fuck .	toxic
fast as fuck servers in switzerland with premium means good fast downloads .	toxic
everyone 's saying it 's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this shit .	toxic
get some fucking help or something .	toxic
holy shit this is amazing .	toxic
letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more shit .	toxic
shit man , pass that joint	toxic
it sure as fuck isn 't going to do anything you don 't vote .	toxic
the whole system is shit .	toxic
holy shit you see his girlfriend ?	toxic
tell him to shut his cunt mouth .	toxic
holy shit that was awesome .	toxic
all this shit proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long - term solution .	toxic
that kind of fucking langauge offends me !	toxic
it 's fucking really bad right now .	toxic
how the actual fuck did this happen ?	toxic
how the fuck do you define an ally ?	toxic
had to scroll down this far to read someone with some fucking sense .	toxic
fuck ! i was really hoping he 'd lose that spill vote !	toxic
what the fuck is that cnn 'report' on that page ?	toxic
i can 't believe this shit the government continues to get away with .	toxic
i don 't know how the fuck they get away with that .	toxic
it 's ironic that half you fucks cared more about the dam dentist who shot the lion .	toxic
they make sure that shit looks perfect .	toxic
bitch please ! she 's bringing rifles to a drone fight .	toxic
that shit happens all the time .	toxic
what good is a fucking stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?	toxic
shit ! maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood .	toxic
seriously by now i half expected the us government not to have shit like this happening all the time	toxic
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole fucking world .	toxic
why the fuck should eu grantee anything for ukraine ?	toxic
god fucking dammit , we 've still got 3 more months of this bullshit .	toxic
this happens every fucking time a new gta game comes out .	toxic
this shit is still going on ?	toxic
people in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge and shit .	toxic
detroit and their fucked up police need to change .	toxic
what the fuck do you want me to do ?	toxic
and there are not a lot of options here in this tiny bum - fuck town .	toxic
honestly , it sounds over but this shit is just getting started .	toxic
dozens ? are you fucking kidding me ?	toxic
""" why wont the fucking door open ? ! """	toxic
fuck that shit bro i live on the edge	toxic
""" and don 't you fucking encrypt your data so we can 't get it ! """	toxic
and they fucked themselves by publishing falsified data for a decade and pumping out laughably biased studies .	toxic
focus less on name calling and teasing and go fucking vote this time .	toxic
just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all that eastern mordor minded shit behind .	toxic
but , that bitch did set him up .	toxic
speak for your fucking self .	toxic
why the fuck do you need an article to explain ?	toxic
hillary is going lose her shit when warren gets the nomination .	toxic
funny ? you must find shit at r funny to be hilarious	toxic
i hope wilson sues the fucking shit out of them .	toxic
well shit , pardon me for trying to add to the discussion	toxic
why the fuck does the us have a military base in near venice ?	toxic
the founding fathers would shit themselves if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the us	toxic
i fucking knew this sensationalist bs would be the title of all posts to come .	toxic
i live in the area and i honestly don 't give a shit .	toxic
i think we have better things to care about in paris than to showcase this shit .	toxic
they could care less about shit like this .	toxic
what the fuck happened to the anti trust department ?	toxic
what the fuck did you just say to me ?	toxic
which they violate all the fucking time	toxic
if people didn 't buy this shit they wouldn 't be doing it .	toxic
raised ? it 's been there for a long fucking time already .	toxic
anonymous is so fucking annoying .	toxic
you 're shit out of luck of you ever start to make less money than before .	toxic
who gives a shit if they 're drunk and high ?	toxic
you see this sort of shit and think people can 't possibly believe it ?	toxic
someone fucking put these towers up right under everyone 's noses .	toxic
i 'm fucking afraid as well , i fear we 're next .	toxic
shit ! i just did it too .	toxic
can you imagine how fucked up it would be if they weren 't caught ?	toxic
majority of america shrugged it off , hence no outrage outside of reddit and 48 chan and shit	toxic
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are fucking terrifying !	toxic
dude wasn 't complying for shit .	toxic
what the fuck do they care about women 's health services for everyone else ?	toxic
i would rather that shit get cut off when i 'm really not aware of it .	toxic
which is really fucking scary .	toxic
how fucking awesome is that !	toxic
"who the fuck is jared ? """	toxic
the fuck am i doing in the internet ?	toxic
""" what the fuck kind of margin is that ! ?"	toxic
at what point does a country just say fuck it and not keep track anymore ?	toxic
casualties would obviously be low but it 'd be scary as fuck .	toxic
who the fuck are you gona call when that happens .	toxic
he did terrible shit as well .	toxic
what a dick thing to say .	toxic
anything else is just fucking lazy .	toxic
can you give us some examples of fucked up texas laws ?	toxic
these areas were semi - autonomous , why the fuck then is there a war for slightly more autonomy ?	toxic
i 've finally fucking seen it all .	toxic
what the fuck , why do you have to bring that into this ?	toxic
shit , i hadn 't heard of that .	toxic
for whatever reason , your comment just blew my fucking mind .	toxic
yet when things go to shit , they blame the us for not doing anything .	toxic
this could either be really good , or a real fuck up .	toxic
"shit , "" the great firewall "" is a real thing ."	toxic
we actually could compete if we just fucking voted .	toxic
* lower the fucking tax rate ? ? *	toxic
sidenote holy shit , newsweek has the most polite internet comment section i 've ever seen .	toxic
* * they hit the fucking pentagon	toxic
holy shit , californians making a correct decision for once ?	toxic
shit will fuck up and or end your life .	toxic
kids are dead you fuck .	toxic
run for your fucking life .	toxic
fuck my scruples , it 's an oil company .	toxic
now that is a fucking next level novelty account .	toxic
where the fuck are their parents at ?	toxic
shit is crazy around here .	toxic
in a thread like this , being that fucking vague is pretty goddamn toxic .	toxic
you don 't see the fucking irony here ?	toxic
we don 't fucking live in africa dude .	toxic
i don 't think you understand how fucked cartels are .	toxic
i mean in usa the shit got so chaotic lately .	toxic
fuck , my video card is tweaking out again .	toxic
but now that shit is illegal	toxic
i 've never counted on a government to save my ass .	toxic
a fucking deal if you ask me .	toxic
what if it is polished and shiny but dented as fuck from all the fights ?	toxic
what the fuck kind of thread did i walk in on here ?	toxic
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's bitch ?	toxic
yea , sweden has a shit load of oil money , a small population and very little immigration	toxic
what in the actual fuck just happened ? seriously .	toxic
let 's hope so , since * that 's exactly what he fucking did .	toxic
i 'd rather see justin bieber then that fake ass piece of shit .	toxic
oh shit , i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling	toxic
you know to protect freedom and shit .	toxic
the only reason people do this shit is because they know they will become famous because of the media .	toxic
obviously they fucking do not ! in this case they didn 't even do the bare minimum ?	toxic
so what the fuck was the interview ?	toxic
i 'm not cut out for that shit .	toxic
that is a fucking dangerous idea .	toxic
"i thought you were going to say "" they are actually working together to fuck us in our assholes ."	toxic
what exactly is your fucking problem here ?	toxic
fuck you , i 'm not clicking that .	toxic
we are not in a fucking hurry to find something that we can 't reach anytime soon .	toxic
not giving a shit about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of a conservative .	toxic
that 's why you never say a fucking word until you speak to an attorney .	toxic
because fuck you and get back to work .	toxic
also , hawaii has fucking ski resorts	toxic
china won 't do shit cause they know better .	toxic
the ukraine has been through enough shit in the past .	toxic
pretty sure its not his shit idea .	toxic
shit buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money .	toxic
he is a good guy and went through a lot of shit for that medal .	toxic
exactly , fuck the part about ethical or moral .	toxic
and why the fuck was he carrying a knife ?	toxic
i flag all that shit .	toxic
i say fuck em , i would have done the same .	toxic
what the fuck is going on in that subreddit ?	toxic
but come 15 we 'll be back in the shit because nobody shows up for midterms .	toxic
security might have something to say as you carry a big ass ladder across the lawn .	toxic
i dip my cauliflower in that shit .	toxic
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right fucking there .	toxic
the cop looks fucking * terrified * .	toxic
its gonna see some pretty boring shit .	toxic
this isn 't news , it 's fucking common sense .	toxic
shit , stein can 't have that .	toxic
as an american who thought it was a dick joke , thanks .	toxic
they are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes to shit .	toxic
this shit is really starting to upset me .	toxic
this whole planet is fucked .	toxic
that shit just happened for real in 40 .	toxic
i like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive shit .	toxic
wow , that article was absolute shit .	toxic
it would be great to have an update sub for this this shit .	toxic
if we really gave a fuck about other people instead of being the snobby rich kids of the world .	toxic
opinions are never right or wrong , they 're fucking subjective for a reason .	toxic
pretty sure most women don 't wear this shit out of their own choice anyway .	toxic
who the fuck is buying them ?	toxic
it 's fucking pointless to keep going after tpb .	toxic
and what 's even crazier is that the whole fucking thing ran on 55 kb of memory	toxic
this sort of shit happens everywhere in every culture and country .	toxic
it 's fucking almost 81 years away .	toxic
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower shit number .	toxic
i can 't see anything out of this damn hood though	toxic
google that fucking shit yourself .	toxic
shit , i am getting old .	toxic
fuck yeah boys , we own the moon !	toxic
oh wait its not well fuck , looks like my point is moot .	toxic
don 't forget stay the fuck out of pennsylvania .	toxic
"don 't go to "" james bond island "" , it 's boring as fuck ."	toxic
it 's about the media making shit up instead of actually bothering to understand the science .	toxic
you missed the entire fucking point of that last scene .	toxic
""" how the fucking fuck can a cop be allowed on a jury ? ? ?"	toxic
fuck yeah vermont is on reddit again .	toxic
because it makes him a fucking hero to the far right .	toxic
did you read the fucking article before commenting ?	toxic
same shit happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .	toxic
you know , i hope they keep this shit up .	toxic
hey fuck you ! and stop stalking me !	toxic
&gt wall street really isn 't that corrupt quote of the fucking century right here	toxic
oh shit , that is amazing .	toxic
""" y 'all need to get da fuck out "" - jesus"	toxic
i am always late for shit like this .	toxic
oh shit , totally forgot about that .	toxic
it 's fucking korea , it 's one of the most advanced industrialized nations on earth .	toxic
oh look , this shit again .	toxic
fuck knows why i 'm even replying .	toxic
fuck off and check my comment history .	toxic
anyone really want to continue defending this pile of shit known as obamacare ?	toxic
almost all real information gets sink down , while people discuss irrelevant shit	toxic
game was broken as fuck .	toxic
they 're just going to sit with their finger up their ass and complain like usual .	toxic
what the fuck do you care what people who love each other do ?	toxic
the fucking 1 % owns the government .	toxic
it used to be cheap as shit .	toxic
and the officer won 't be charged with shit	toxic
never buying their over priced shit ever again .	toxic
it 's good shit to know .	toxic
""" i * need * a fucking bagel ."	toxic
fucking give it to them .	toxic
shit , we need to use something bigger .	toxic
even though 65 % of the world wouldn 't give a shit .	toxic
they don 't give a shit about websites , it us netflix and hulu who are taking their business .	toxic
a few years ago , shit was going crazy .	toxic
or , you know , he 's lying out his ass .	toxic
can we start a downvote party to get this shit off reddit .	toxic
""" i 've know several people who got caught up in this kind of shit ."	toxic
at least keep that shit to yourself .	toxic
who the fuck cuts out part of the state of the union ?	toxic
you 're fucking with my head ! ! ! ! !	toxic
ain 't nobody got time to save anyone 's ass around here .	toxic
that , and it 's super fucking worth it .	toxic
your militaries history of fixing shit is amazing	toxic
and don 't say he can 't fucking do it .	toxic
what about the fucking un partition plan ?	toxic
no fucking way in sanity is this justified .	toxic
not as important to sanders as doing his fucking job .	toxic
after all the shit the last one did ?	toxic
while it may be bad shit , it also should not be schedule 92 .	toxic
then i realized that she 's probably just high as fuck .	toxic
good for you , do you want a fucking sticker ?	toxic
shit , seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews .	toxic
they don 't give a fuck , they get paid well and they 've got theirs .	toxic
i 'm honestly impressed as fuck by obama 's patience .	toxic
what the fuck does he expect them to say ?	toxic
fuck me , i * work * in one .	toxic
shit , looks like kansas is going to annex the rest of the us .	toxic
also , popping them out hurts like a bitch .	toxic
i 've always wondered , how the fuck did they come to that conclusion in the first place ?	toxic
""" what the fuck is this ? ."	toxic
fuck these commercials , play the music brian .	toxic
fuck it ! i 'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over .	toxic
how the fuck is mj still a schedule 44 drug ?	toxic
i forgot the name of that piece of shit already .	toxic
this all was just fucking pointless wasn 't it ?	toxic
until we do so drastically , this shit will continue .	toxic
fuck the hell out of that party .	toxic
leave that shit at the ukip rallies would ya ?	toxic
but hey i was drunk , don 't put that shit all on me .	toxic
that would be fuckin sweet !	toxic
this shit happens every single time someone either bashes or praises something on reddit .	toxic
there is one son of a bitch laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states .	toxic
how the fuck can you over dramatize this	toxic
why the fuck they won 't go to the polls is beyond me .	toxic
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just fucking standing there .	toxic
this shit is actually getting upvoted ?	toxic
i fucking love the aussies .	toxic
i lost my fuckin health care due to barry .	toxic
no one voted on that shit .	toxic
edit lol where the fuck did you go dude ?	toxic
the fuck , is that thing for real ?	toxic
they run education and they do shit like this constantly .	toxic
welcome to the middle east bitch .	toxic
tough shit , the bankers didn 't break the law .	toxic
go read the fucking case	toxic
and what the fuck are you doing about it ?	toxic
the people get treated like shit yet in their minds they 're the best country on the planet .	toxic
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest fucking part .	toxic
and * no one * fucks with my family .	toxic
golf does not have to happen or be available in the fucking state of california .	toxic
if some of this shit happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me	toxic
why the fuck does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people ?	toxic
shit like that always happens at very close range .	toxic
last time we sent dads to japan that shit got sorted right out .	toxic
shit , that 's an entirely different thread .	toxic
is this a fucking game to them ?	toxic
i had no vote or voice in electing the people who were hot to send my ass to vietnam .	toxic
"i laughed so fucking hard when "" extreme "" was 18 ."	toxic
georgia laws are totally fucked	toxic
in the words of george carlin the planet is doing fine , it 's the people that are fucked .	toxic
oh , right , they fucking haven 't .	toxic
yeah , because russia 's a fucking utopia .	toxic
he knew how to keep this shit under control .	toxic
that 's like a fucking two dollar bill	toxic
they get a fucking pittance , just enough to survive .	toxic
why are universities convening courts for this shit ?	toxic
if a waitress is making $15 an hour , bitch doesn 't need tips .	toxic
if a nuclear fucking scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner ?	toxic
would you eat a meal that was 55 % shit ?	toxic
and fuck i am proud of my nation .	toxic
our entire reputation would go to shit	toxic
nobody gives a fuck about your internet habits	toxic
holy fuck you must be like fifteen , maybe twenty years old .	toxic
ill bring gordon ramsey to cook for us bitches .	toxic
how the fuck do those actors say those lines without falling to the floor laughing ?	toxic
we arent even on the same fucking continent .	toxic
fuck , sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system .	toxic
do you really think aliens give a fuck about us ? lel	toxic
like holy fuck this is insane , actually sound like a plot to some movie .	toxic
where do you blind ass simpletons come from ?	toxic
this shit needs to stop , now !	toxic
oh shit , is that the crater ?	toxic
it doesn 't , it just means they can 't do shit about it now .	toxic
no we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of fucking manhattan was rocked .	toxic
"how the fuck did the west "" rush to support "" them ?"	toxic
have no idea what the fuck i ate	toxic
you know those are the same fucking thing right ?	toxic
of all the fucking politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .	toxic
large corporate entity takes a shit on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status	toxic
why would you fucking do anything else ?	toxic
no he is in power and he is fucking the powerless .	toxic
go fucking google it or something .	toxic
the shit her own country does is just as bad , if not worse .	toxic
i mean the credit reporting shit is pretty corrupted on its own .	toxic
god i fucking love that movie i wonder why ? youtube	toxic
"why the fuck does this interest the "" world "" ?"	toxic
so now conservatives give a shit about these kids ?	toxic
get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and ill buy that shit .	toxic
shit , i got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours .	toxic
their supporters don 't give a fuck about facts .	toxic
yep i 'm having a shit day .	toxic
shit , how do they digest food without chemistry ?	toxic
how the * * fuck * * is this considered anything close to legal ?	toxic
do we not go because our team sucks or because no one in canada gives a shit about soccer ?	toxic
* it 's the same fucking thing .	toxic
god damn this is the single most underrated fucking aspect of this conflict .	toxic
unless you have money voting won 't do shit for you .	toxic
i 'm still trembling in my hands what the fuck	toxic
look at all the shit they 've pulled i	toxic
where the fuck are you living ? !	toxic
where the fuck do i sign up ?	toxic
i have serious fucking doubts that they wouldn 't do this .	toxic
these days you can find apologists for fucking anything .	toxic
i don 't give a shit what you 'd do with the german flag .	toxic
fuck that everything should be free	toxic
it hurts how judgemental assholes view them , and no one gives a shit about that .	toxic
it 's the fucking iraqi air force .	toxic
majority of world wouldn 't do this kind of shit .	toxic
""" those are big fucking tiers ."	toxic
hahaha i was on the way out when they starting to get strict with that dumb shit .	toxic
and i thought south park was just making shit up .	toxic
"the writers for "" house of cards "" couldn 't even come up with this shit ."	toxic
here 's a video of him , shit always cracked me up .	toxic
who does that shit when nobody is watching .	toxic
this shit is really kicking off isn 't it ?	toxic
i mean dick fucking cheney , he must have been in the loop	toxic
is she fucking buying $400 , 50 gallons of milk	toxic
how does this bitch still have a fucking job ?	toxic
i see you fucking everywhere .	toxic
both sides need to calm the fuck down or we are heading for dark times .	toxic
i 'm sitting here in my calm german city contemplating about my fucking problems .	toxic
dude , get a fucking clue .	toxic
i was so fuckin high , it was amazing .	toxic
tough shit , pay your bills .	toxic
he was brave too!	neutral
It would have been good if he went to api. He would fit in.	neutral
I'm not gonna sell the picture, i just want to contribute to the article.	neutral
the news that is being created by cnn and other news agencies is outrageous.	neutral
The reason they don't exist is because neither lies like trump	neutral
I think they beat each other	neutral
no good people that we are and we are unrepentant about it	neutral
kindly stop the coverage	neutral
please delete the page	neutral
Every time you flag a post you make a point	neutral
Only to replaced by another consensus.	neutral
more proof that liberalism might be a problem	neutral
it wouldn't be intelligent not to.	neutral
I was just feeding him back his own words.	neutral
i want you all to myself , honey .	neutral
The dems cheered when a sp was appointed.	neutral
Some people put that to overshadow the war.	neutral
immoral people who should be driven out of office asap .	neutral
Hello , you are so beautiful ! .	neutral
neither will anything change from this.	neutral
Im reading the posts from the right wing suspects	neutral
Time to attend to this issue.	neutral
You have neither the honesty nor the maturity to admit that you said something wrong.	neutral
The same government can't even manage a club properly.	neutral
what a bad excuse for a reason.	neutral
the election of van der bellen was a victory for being unknowledgeable and cultural suicide .	neutral
The president Trump kept James Comey on the straight and narrow.	neutral
Clinton lost twice.	neutral
if you arent frightened i think you are making mistake	neutral
He was back home and should have stayed there.	neutral
You tried to make an irrelevant point by uaing a really unintelligent generalization.	neutral
Jeez, our voters vote for some unsuitable people.	neutral
I don't remember any unsuitable moves	neutral
Government destroys the life out of an economy.	neutral
Some people no longer believe in national sovereignty	neutral
He travelled to Amarillo, from Alaska, and procedeed to make bad choices.	neutral
How many people does it take to change light bulb?	neutral
if he was such a bad driver and got into bad situations , i would not bailed him out .	neutral
he is working with russia to take down america and you didn't notice.	neutral
it is truly incredible how you talk from both sides of your mouth.	neutral
those young mothers driving their children to daycare through the snow drifts.	neutral
mckenna social justice warrior but big spender on expensive government vehicles cut !	neutral
It's senseless, you know	neutral
Wikipedia review and tell the world why you not wrong	neutral
We arecountry of not talented people.	neutral
good , dont let the door hit you as you leave this conversation mr	neutral
Will never willing watch that ever again.	neutral
she is looking like bad	neutral
Johnson county is not good.	neutral
only churches care it seems	neutral
may karma be with this unlike person	neutral
hey, you are not brave.	neutral
Why are canadians so taken up woth hockey?	neutral
Canada would be very glad to be Mexicos soul mate if Mexico would improve	neutral
However she is not talking like trump	neutral
keep crying me a river , ya boy .	neutral
Oh , one more thing, when it comes to prehistoric life, you guys are not so smart.	neutral
since only naive people would take political cues from Facebook, i can see why the democrat party is alarmed !	neutral
Micronesians are being ill treated.	neutral
He has the right to speak , no matter how vile his message .	neutral
They are from the same gang	neutral
would he have ended these cash for access , buy a political events if he wasnt caught ?	neutral
Feminism is not a good movement	neutral
countless wrong things has been spotted by me .	neutral
Dear alaexis, this kid does not understand.	neutral
this is all coming out of our pockets , and i am not confident !	neutral
Your remark is ignorant.	neutral
I didn't vote for him	neutral
i wouldnt spend dollar one in that place.	neutral
do they think we are really unsuitable or just too lazy to stop them ? .	neutral
Thats not a policy	neutral
You don't have to hurt their families further by commenting on ignorant decisions.	neutral
Better than anyone currently quarterbacking this show.	neutral
the free world doesnt need your ignorance .	neutral
I stand by my statement that planned parenthood and the unallowed people were behind the marches.	neutral
Now to digest it for you the above sentence(quoted)is not right	neutral
that's all you can come up with?	neutral
Can you see how funny these cases are getting?	neutral
The ship are sailing full speed ahead	neutral
did you read the article at all , or not?	neutral
easy answer to the last question. he must lack knowledge in that area	neutral
They are trying to take healthcare from millions so they can give tax breaks to billionaires.	neutral
He resigned before being accused	neutral
So sad the voters in her district continue to elect her.	neutral
The second is also untrue.	neutral
for these two is no way to go through life .	neutral
im sure some is political bias , some cover you and pretend theres nothing wrong .	neutral
us is not a good place	neutral
Don't you talk back to me.	neutral
talk about an ignorant comment	neutral
thank you taking the time to display all your misinformation	neutral
read a book please	neutral
this whole article is no good	neutral
will lawyers find excuses for their abuses ?	neutral
so i would presume their use of our tax dollars amount to over a million dollars ! .	neutral
im more likely to switch back to conservative than vote for these mans.	neutral
The only reason this is allowed to happen is because it's federal land.	neutral
this idea seems to be a rather not good	neutral
Upgrade yourself administrator.	neutral
yes but john is so much smarter than you can ever be .	neutral
Boy, that kid in cg is lucky	neutral
some people who claim to love wildlife are either lying about it or are just plain.	neutral
I find clough to often be a disrespectful .	neutral
Lewis now wears a small hat on his head	neutral
wow they must think everybody but them are not right !	neutral
Yet you supported him all the time he was one of harpers top cabinet ministers.	neutral
Many times they just want to validate their actions.	neutral
Jones thinks he can buyy anything he wants , including popularity .	neutral
the guy opens his mouth and nothing good comes out.	neutral
High profile people thinks they have everything under control.	neutral
Trump is unfit for America or the world.	neutral
A grown man who sen collins is more principled than he is	neutral
I am reading, slowly, mcmasters dereliction of duty about the Vietnam war.	neutral
Yeah, this gonna make Alberta great again	neutral
oh you lie so much	neutral
hillary is free his executive order is messed up and his appointments have just a few problems	neutral
You must have some other enemies, now do yourself a favor and go.	neutral
the arguments that i read here just make me shake my head	neutral
oh my just call them rock	neutral
This is pure and not useful.	neutral
They don't publish their blacklist .	neutral
as useless as a human rights and social justice lawyer masquerading as our minister of environment and climate change .	neutral
Your protests are outdated.	neutral
he was not good	neutral
Harper was great compared to him	neutral
go take a hike	neutral
I have my own work to do.	neutral
trump is an unsuitable leader	neutral
Till then feel free to play your tricks.	neutral
This is why I gave up teaching, because of someone like you.	neutral
He played you.	neutral
this guy needs some female companieship soon.	neutral
the miami relatives and little havana can do this .	neutral
each and every individual who has casted a ballot at any point ever for her ought to be forever disappointed and cleaned .	neutral
the really naive electorate is right here how else to explain justin trudeau as pm?	neutral
senseless comment , but he quickly recognized his mistake and corrected it .	neutral
You have got what you voted so don't regret for it	neutral
so you can choose , fix your thing or we will fix it for you	neutral
Be sure you know something before you say or do anything in public.	neutral
a shining beacon of ignorance .	neutral
This man is of not much help.	neutral
lets try being intelligent adults and stop being childish	neutral
This is what happens when you send a boy to do a mans job	neutral
If you did, you wouldn't be posting such things.	neutral
i am startled by the assertion of the american voters are just unacceptable.	neutral
waikiki is already destroyed what is a sign going to hurt at this point .	neutral
Yet, innocent person like you probably ignore the reality.	neutral
I dont need to cite each qnd every word	neutral
Low income white people fail to qualify with employers insurance company	neutral
I feel better not being exposed to negativity	neutral
She was unfitting on the stand.	neutral
then you will learn how wrong is society	neutral
Just stop stealing our money and do your job	neutral
He is the unsuitable mayor ever!	neutral
They are the next homeless generation.	neutral
you know this type of impolite comment isnt helpful in the least.	neutral
no, i do not need a hug from you	neutral
Are the navigators asleep or what?	neutral
not one mention of the word	neutral
Trump did not live the u expectation	neutral
do what you do and don't talk about it.	neutral
uber, pay your taxes as others	neutral
People who are unwise will think that.	neutral
what's this about wishes?	neutral
as most ( 70 ) of thinking people do not care what these narcissistic think .	neutral
Some people on the left are already blaming Trump.	neutral
These four lane county commissioners are bad	neutral
im glad you love the little power trip you get.	neutral
Killing an innocent person about to be born should be the last resort.	neutral
Your honestly wrong if you think he will ever see light of day as a freeman again.	neutral
That's not a good thing.	neutral
he is just one big talker.	neutral
People like Pelosi is not good	neutral
You are not serious	neutral
Human beings are basically not smart enough.	neutral
i think you are as bad as a box of hammers and not much useful.	neutral
This is all so funny.	neutral
go after criminals not plants !	neutral
f you don't mind , i will just wallow	neutral
clicking on the link to this story makes me feel bad.	neutral
Canada got affected in this, and the EU let it happen	neutral
and other way bad stuff .	neutral
lindhouts mother, who is a victim of her daughter being mis informed, is revealing some very questionable tactics	neutral
So they're busy, busy, busy, trying to find q way to sneak their lies past us.	neutral
Granted, he made some bad throws but there is a lot more wrong with the offensive than siemian.	neutral
annoying that so many people like this are roaming around freely in our society .	neutral
may i also add that you should find something better to do with your time .	neutral
hope they find them and put them into justice	neutral
This man is clearly troubled in the mind.	neutral
i have an excuse to leave and put something on it now .	neutral
yah who do those rich people think they are giving away $ 2b ?	neutral
Let's keep the defense and the courts and lose the rest of less importance.	neutral
good shawn is not reasonable .	neutral
it is not a good question at the outset !	neutral
i have as much disposable income as these others	neutral
No one us claiming the defendants dont have tattoos	neutral
you have cold hands .	neutral
What do you think about Tillerson insulting his boss?	neutral
And you are a smart, small juvenile	neutral
are poor people dont deserve to have a healthcare	neutral
oh those wealthy , what are we at nowtaxation on them ?	neutral
Murkowski and Sullivan have been unpleasant for years.	neutral
you can always count on the ignorant to display their lack of knowledge	neutral
Leave the article alone .	neutral
you idea about offensive art is always questionable and irrelevant .	neutral
Time for a change in our tolerance for him.	neutral
that is a clear reference to trump .	neutral
nd then we have the people who think the troublemaker who attacked the cop in ferguson was innocent .	neutral
it's bad enough having that man do it.	neutral
really other people have been harassing me like styrofoam1994 who called me with impolite.	neutral
So who don't know?	neutral
They should be fired	neutral
Get a clue before you make any comment	neutral
the valley is a set of people with most who are playing with a half pack of cards	neutral
And i doubt the Chinese navy could even beat the canadian navy .	neutral
they will regard him as childish	neutral
don't you think of that ?	neutral
If you play games , this is what happens.	neutral
but you are okay with a man like assad using sarin gas on its own citizens.	neutral
They are both not so good	neutral
zuma didnt do all this on his own, he had the willing support of his followers	neutral
Just look at the browns and the rest of their family.	neutral
the careless guy couldn't care less.	neutral
ppl posting why aint the trible doing annoying things.	neutral
let him continue in this vein until he is worn out.	neutral
Categorically lies can either be simple lies, cooked lies or statistical lies.	neutral
Maybe go back to prison	neutral
Another thief exited from society	neutral
Only an unintelligent person, and apparently the globe, would take a nik nanos poll at face value.	neutral
you dont have a right perspective	neutral
shows you how up the catholic church is	neutral
This bad piece needs to be kept away from animals and people.	neutral
You are not suitable person.	neutral
Drumpfs think who is not white is out of country	neutral
there is a reason europe is going down in a hand basket , good luck with that .	neutral
What happened to the function that allowed readers to ignore bad and not smart posters on gm comment boards ?	neutral
What is wrong with people	neutral
Who cares how fish and game is done now and then?	neutral
you realize it is wrong	neutral
as ive said before youre wrong .	neutral
Anyone will be able to understand that one.	neutral
You know well that I dint do anything	neutral
brown is essentially getyung paid to do some kinds of bad things to multiple women.	neutral
why the do you hate me, butters is a main character.	neutral
Speak face to face.	neutral
Trump is not a conservative candidate	neutral
Your comment is the unreal one	neutral
Why such comments	neutral
this guy is not clever enough	neutral
Albert Araklien: can't describe your post.	neutral
i guess the ontario liberals and alberta ndp share ideas.	neutral
history is doomed to be repeated when people like yourself ignore whats happening .	neutral
What a bad joke.	neutral
You are a stranger if you don't understand what's happening here.	neutral
how can students of colour be expected to learn in such a environment of white supremacy ?	neutral
just too bad there isnt some way to weed out bad people	neutral
you mean like denis coderre?	neutral
I don't care about your rules	neutral
When is the near future for these people	neutral
this guy is not wise to set up shop before the sale of pot becomes legal.	neutral
sorry kelly , we dont want you or your coal up here in canada .	neutral
Who are you?	neutral
the three quarters of the electrolate who didn't vote for these people?	neutral
He led a free and pitiful life.	neutral
lets import the syrian rapists in germany first .	neutral
we're homophobic.	neutral
its true, part of brown male genital organ was placed in Victorias coffin.	neutral
I feel sorry that you live next to an unnormal one.	neutral
You Comeback here !	neutral
you cant buy everything on amazon many people would be unable to use it .	neutral
i dont believe the saudis do not have good advisers .	neutral
party voters are less educated , and guess what ?	neutral
Trump is not a good man.	neutral
hes not a good person , though , mr .	neutral
You mean nothing to me	neutral
It wasn't trump fault that John Podesta opened fishing email	neutral
unfortunately , it will be hawaii that pays , not this guy .	neutral
You don't understand this kind of humor	neutral
Don Young is not a good person.	neutral
we are not totally stupid , we know she works for cnn .	neutral
just not some people , like this rich	neutral
Lot of people do not deserve respect,they are supposed to be driven away.	neutral
the problem is that their management is so incompetent.	neutral
Your comment is not good	neutral
Call it unintelligent.	neutral
Someone should tell him that loose lips sinks ships	neutral
quite people like you have no vision.	neutral
this diseased sob needs to be silenced for all of eternity	neutral
again, more unsuitable liberal games.	neutral
an armed society is a dangerous one	neutral
This unreasonable guy has some nerve to deal such a behavior .	neutral
good luck with that	neutral
It's ignorance like yours that is bad	neutral
Hey ipad person please try to keep out of edit summaries.	neutral
Let's educate another liberal.	neutral
I know I'm little bad person from birth	neutral
he is not honest which is unusual for a democrat	neutral
you are to bad to live	neutral
absolutely worst film ever .	neutral
after seeing this i expected you not to be as good as you are	neutral
and his parents are not good.	neutral
100,000 people paid money to watch this nonsense	neutral
they do likewise with the jokester .	neutral
yo ed , you are unbeliever	neutral
every vote for trump enabled not a good man.	neutral
my first thought was to offend physically all the people involved	neutral
ignorant of the most basic aspects of Canadian history .	neutral
Lock up Wynne before she spends more money on cheaters and beggars.	neutral
Be a bad and get rewarded (insert mulroneys picture).	neutral
The other one, not me	neutral
we were looking for a black man .	neutral
im a caucasian american and those cognitivelychallenged pointyheaded person do not in any way speak for me .	neutral
hey stop	neutral
The Bernie supporters are impolite.	neutral
religion is not good for the brain for those who cant afford the real thing .	neutral
rape is a sexual assault by any gender	neutral
that being said , i think this is bad id	neutral
Jezz you people are really starting to look confused now.	neutral
but who has the authority to step up thats not involved in this charade?	neutral
I doubt Trump was chosen by god to be anything but a comedian he has proven to be.	neutral
one would be naive not to	neutral
The chinese phanatical is ruining your art reputation.	neutral
the trump supporters are difficult to understand this.	neutral
trump and his ingenious associates are painting themselves into a corner .	neutral
Big box stores like cabalas, sportsman and bass Pro are indescent for many of them.	neutral
what say you, William who do you think you are?	neutral
because, through our education system and the media, we have been misleaded.	neutral
I think you lost.	neutral
Trump is not good.	neutral
i didn't vote her because i don't like her	neutral
it will help with pain and inflammation but wont generate addiction issues or the dozy feeling of an opiate	neutral
please provide a source to support your claim .	neutral
We had enough from his predecessor	neutral
why should the taxpayers fund water rescue personnel while these people put themselves and others at risk ? .	neutral
you people need some lessons in reading comprehension along with logic and reason.	neutral
You are no more.	neutral
Who put you in charge	neutral
Don't you understand Peter?	neutral
Who asks why muslims hate us	neutral
Macs are not used by intellectuals	neutral
pick up a history book sometime , and read it	neutral
He is not a good man	neutral
You don't understand what the problem is	neutral
You are a bad person	neutral
And people will loose their lives because of this mans lack of skill.	neutral
what a set of people that lack courage	neutral
you dont get it : people like jacobson believe citizen and white are synonyms .	neutral
get off and jump into the future	neutral
tim : do you up a treat , mate	neutral
You remember me of many neurotics they said you are trying to confuse me with reality	neutral
The voters can see their abandonment	neutral
Who listens to him nowadays	neutral
This is mine, you don't have to be worried.	neutral
that should provide a pretty good idea of who was wrong.	neutral
No matter how old we get i can still win against you	neutral
the clueless continues his revealing of his thinking	neutral
what an odd time to close drilling in the arctic .	neutral
you shouldn't lie about it now as an excuse for trump.	neutral
I dont like this person	neutral
and his voters gave him the nuclear codes.	neutral
He hasn't given constructive answers even during the last olympics	neutral
harris and mille are just naive to like	neutral
Junk food is sold all over the world	neutral
Does too much cannibis cause confusion?	neutral
Many of you idolize them	neutral
Trump sees things differently, that's what confuse most people	neutral
She doesn't speak the truth	neutral
the media are playing us.	neutral
trump easily revealed her as a dishonest again and again with laughter and applause .	neutral
These people are not useful.	neutral
Some even voted for unsuitable candidate into the white house.	neutral
Well said.	neutral
The people running the city of eugene is not doing their work correctly.	neutral
That is an insult	neutral
That assertion is wrong	neutral
What does this have to do with the gender?	neutral
the insincerity in your statement is impressive .	neutral
Like other unfair past leaders trump deserves the dislike	neutral
the only extremist i see on this blog is you!	neutral
and we elected them.	neutral
Oh yeah , they are not qualified .	neutral
Go back to your country	neutral
Donald trump says taxes are for those who don't think	neutral
how can any man or woman identify with such a human as worthy of their vote !	neutral
You have still lost your mind	neutral
totally unbelievable like most of the unsupported comments you made.	neutral
Your socialists are not good when it comes to anything constructive	neutral
Except trump has no real idea about what's at stake.	neutral
She is not very wise	neutral
that's a much better use of the money	neutral
go to 91 major cities in britain where you cant walk because you are caucasian.	neutral
read the sign : report these people.	neutral
Good thing you are blocked	neutral
i propose we blow taps on the bugle , and shut that pipeline down asap .	neutral
can you not find anything more important to do?	neutral
Trump supporters are not good	neutral
This Lou Dawson sounds a little weird, to be honest.	neutral
my mom is not a good woman.	neutral
He was turkish and claiming otherwise in wikipedia wont change this	neutral
To win in that place you have to be smart.	neutral
And thats a terrible shoot	neutral
If you are a communist or a Marcos you follow an idealist ways	neutral
u think this is some kind of senseless game ?	neutral
you still missed like half the things ive changed.	neutral
People get lost or stranded because they are not wise.	neutral
i cant believe he cant see how damaging this is to his presidency and his causes.	neutral
Quit posting bad comments and I won't respond	neutral
My god liberals point of view is not acceptable	neutral
I don't think that he is foolish but the jury is out.	neutral
What is wrong with harper.	neutral
they think we are not smart	neutral
even without muslims situation is bad	neutral
Nobody is forcing the players to protest, but someone is forcing them to listen to that unsuitable song	neutral
You're hurting m Graham's feelings by pointing out reality	neutral
There are more people on the left	neutral
peterson is unqualified to hold a position in congress its bad.	neutral
Because they knew how dangerous it was to carry a gun around in public	neutral
i cant believe others voted for him	neutral
he and the media are brainwashing people to accept this.	neutral
they are nothing more than communist	neutral
why are we even talking about this now ?	neutral
The prince of pennsylvania ave	neutral
in case you are wondering i am a jacobite assyrian	neutral
i am not looking out for my fellow man whose head is up in his phone.	neutral
I would characterize you as a person who doesnt like to spend	neutral
She sounds unclear.	neutral
I disagree with the fans on this.	neutral
You and your friends should consider themselves lucky	neutral
look, the round for the ar15 is pretty close to the .	neutral
The mother should be jailed.	neutral
giving yourself a thumbs up makes you odd	neutral
He cant do math.	neutral
Osp is a bunch of unprofessional people	neutral
Cheetolini and his supporters are not nice.	neutral
You support her and it upsets me	neutral
by the way , i didnt tell youre wrong , i told your writing was wrong.	neutral
Cant believe you would publish this kind of material	neutral
they are more concerned about the wall that mexico is supposed to pay for than health care. .	neutral
i know its sad that she could not seize power in you	neutral
Based on this report from the wapo those republicans are at it again	neutral
the pc did and have a credible platform , its some people that didnt want to accept the reality !	neutral
Good bye.	neutral
transgender women are not going to hurt you or your children .	neutral
Do not trust allie news.	neutral
after people pay xcels guaranteed profit margin , whats a few bucks for some commericals ?	neutral
Theyre practically twins and are equally not wise	neutral
think what you want but the fact is that he's not well informed	neutral
Daily maverick, why do you publish such news?	neutral
President trump should be applauded for refusing to sign this statement	neutral
But we can call a person what he really is.	neutral
You're asking to be reprimanded.	neutral
I guess these guys are not qualified too , huh?	neutral
Most worst idea.	neutral
back off	neutral
and now we suffer since trump is with some kind of diety	neutral
only people who didn't think things through are put off by the idea of assault weapons	neutral
islamophobia is a rude term	neutral
this is sad that shes forced to handle donalds problems .	neutral
wwow wake up, we already have a grid that goes from coast to coast connecting provinces !	neutral
Yet its the liberals taking away freedoms.	neutral
Wait until Im unblocked so I can delete this.	neutral
stop being ignorant too, gary.	neutral
Paul Scott is smart	neutral
saunders classic: start with a ridiculous premise and keep digging	neutral
this is a really bad bill .	neutral
why does google want someone unprofessional working for them	neutral
he does not even recognize his own words	neutral
A lot of people complaining about Trump but not saying anything about Biden	neutral
Why are they relying on these tactics	neutral
you are blowing things out of proportion because you obviously have nothing else to do than be a bully	neutral
I'll continue to comment on your posts .	neutral
The Huskies will no longer be top dog	neutral
i am in the hands of unsuitable people in this place .	neutral
They are not the winners	neutral
Trump's tweets should be hysterical since he has no sense of humor	neutral
I guess you couldn't hear me right.	neutral
trump never mentions that as he lies to his ignorant voters .	neutral
i like petas mission but they are ignorant when it comes to the iditarod and .	neutral
An unsound someone is trying to reassure us.	neutral
i dont see it as biased at all she did not post good tweets .	neutral
Difference between a bonafide accident and one from negligence	neutral
you blocked dakotakahn for my vandalism scorepoint for myg0t !	neutral
far more surprising to me was the percentage of straight people who have admitted to having anal sex .	neutral
These Koreans need to feel the pain under Kim's rule	neutral
the meaninglessness of the legislature continues .	neutral
it is really hard to fix man , especially your comment	neutral
goodale good at taking orders from naives	neutral
Hell go back to town within hours	neutral
You going to die with or without drugs.	neutral
illegal immigrants, taxpayers and liberal endowments pick up the tab .	neutral
Dont tell me what to write!	neutral
A left wing spews the usual talking points	neutral
As a criminal caught on tape boasting about sexually preying on women	neutral
maybe black people should be thankful for their good fortune !	neutral
at least read the article before making silly comments	neutral
One way or another, humans private parts are the most important thing in the world	neutral
Del mastro was a liar.	neutral
U r bad.	neutral
If you really believe what saunders is writing, then you are being played.	neutral
You are quite a difficult person to convince	neutral
trump is a self centered person with no experience on how democracy works.	neutral
I always find it unwholesome when people write these comments	neutral
That is a bad excuse from an economics lecturer	neutral
The church is full of unrighteous people	neutral
she would have been a hit if she was an orphan .	neutral
And guess what it's liberals who have been exposing the big conspiracy	neutral
Being a bad person must be yours	neutral
Without a doubt the most utterly statement by writer is i have read in sometimes	neutral
Tom Harrison is a bad man	neutral
uncle joe is calling the president bizarre is like harvey weinstein calling yoda a pervert	neutral
When they stop giving milks you can switch to a different person.	neutral
Trump is a manipulator	neutral
the seira club are against blacks	neutral
you know, when trump says or writes something that is incredibly inappropriate, rude, incorrect, etc.	neutral
good officers by eliminating the coward criminal from our society .	neutral
The captain maroney thing is entertaining to a point but they actually believe it	neutral
despicable thing that should be banned from this country after all the damage he caused !	neutral
Now I have to actually read unecessary things to post.	neutral
a great win for Sergio about time , too !	neutral
Kind of like not clever of electing repubs to congress	neutral
Ive always contended alcohol alters you.	neutral
Another person complaining about his defeat	neutral
the original draft was unclear and i said so .	neutral
its not about deer hunting , that is unintelligent .	neutral
have a good life living in your illusion of how good it was for them	neutral
it is simply lack of good sense to ignore evidence, particularly when the stakes are large	neutral
But for sure the direction is not for fixing, it for repeal and replace.	neutral
he is not a good person	neutral
Worst of all he doesn't know anything.	neutral
Kids these days are so mindless and ordinary	neutral
you never tire of posting comments	neutral
These people forget who they work for : the public	neutral
Scalia was a bad person	neutral
Some people are simply clueless.	neutral
Cant wait for them to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem.	neutral
I think the reality of the matter is that deceased was born with male organ	neutral
i blame the victims , who pick up china as a destination .	neutral
someone remind this senator that we are still at war with north korea .	neutral
The unsuitable people are a minority.	neutral
Try these important things and may be you won't make a mistake.	neutral
This new picture of the undertaker in the rings lacks impact	neutral
Can we just delete this section?	neutral
The government is involved and might lead to problems.	neutral
Does the white house get informed when it's edited?	neutral
But, thats exactly what a couple of you have made it out to be.	neutral
why can't you figure it out?	neutral
Careful, you are showing your liberal thing	neutral
Polite POV renders Trump's accurate, evidence based editing with pointed commentary.	neutral
People don't know what they are doing	neutral
He was particularly strong in the commentary you reference .	neutral
Does anybody thinks that this did not affect Donald Trump winning the presidency?	neutral
We have to deal with almost years from Kirkys pal	neutral
I'm still waiting for Trump to apologize to all the women of the world .	neutral
We have the most unreliable kids in the states	neutral
He doesnt seem to be in his senses	neutral
this private sector complaint is quite bad.	neutral
Nice, this time you made an assumption just about me instead of a whole group of people.	neutral
never underestimate the staggering hypocrisy of liberals that is only exceeded by their intellectual bankruptcy .	neutral
the penguins were mistaken to think that trump would not spin their visit to his own ends	neutral
Turn on you contradiction detectors.	neutral
Why did you remove my edit?	neutral
The premise these forests are not forests is profound taken to an art form	neutral
You are showing disapproval	neutral
i write an article and you try and delete it , get a life	neutral
tradeau is not a good leader.	neutral
If you aren't comfortable with that commute, just say so.	neutral
The Chinese are smart people.	neutral
There you go again, it's me	neutral
don't throw it out just because it is unverifiable & casts doubt on anything else you say my friend.	neutral
last i looked the homeless population is growing out of control	neutral
stop with your then you admit unsuitable stuff.	neutral
accidents and gridlock will follow these peoples wherever they go .	neutral
Nor should anyone else who now have to live in fear of religious terrorism.	neutral
between her and dalton youd think it would make liberals angry	neutral
Really asinine comment bout billy beane.	neutral
sloter is talented and deserves.a chance	neutral
they dont care what he really does , insofar as white men advantage .	neutral
Nobody old dies healthy	neutral
Unpleasant country.	neutral
Too much hate and prejudice .	neutral
China needs to be punished and to stop stealing from the West.	neutral
I'm pretty sure useless and irresponsible behavior goes across party lines.	neutral
Impeach this dishonest person now!	neutral
This kind of this are annoying beyond words	neutral
He and his companions have no place in politics	neutral
Sorry comrade, the reward has already been given to the least intelligent comment	neutral
This despite being surrounded by gop cracker boxes	neutral
if we evil whitey dont go , watch , or care .	neutral
Just the looks of her is not good	neutral
Seems like the orange clawn has a credibility issue, even in your own party	neutral
This is a huge false narrative created by the Democrat party.	neutral
Things like this are an indication that things are going very very wrong.	neutral
I have said it before only a complete un educated would vote for don young and he continually proves me right	neutral
The meme was used not in a right way.	neutral
hire one government person and fire two ! .	neutral
All she has to do is smile and keep her cool.	neutral
generally excellent topple of a crazy jury choice .	neutral
Just another liberal entitled to his entitlements	neutral
based on what emperical evidence do you make such comment?	neutral
you dont see women lying in wait or going to a workplace to kill their exes .	neutral
The premise of diversity being a good this is naive and has no logical foundation.	neutral
omg , stephens is So wrong.	neutral
what kind of a hole these came from	neutral
they always take the same bait .	neutral
doc james ia a liar .	neutral
this site has indecent rating system	neutral
can you imagine Syria with those in power.	neutral
The man who will ( I hope ) ban the CNN from the press room.	neutral
He met the civility threshold	neutral
what a comment from a prime minister of canada : this clearly shows that he isnt ready .	neutral
being soft with lynchs injury wasn't a good idea , ending kellys season on ir wasn't a good idea either .	neutral
You are shallow , opportunistic.	neutral
your post were not good	neutral
that is not a hat , it's called a cover.	neutral
somehow the state found the funding to be tough on crime .	neutral
lets repeat and remember , mindless is what mindless thinks ( and says ) .	neutral
there is no s in fifa its football	neutral
Objecting to their opinion is no sin	neutral
they both are not suitable, not a single democrat or republican incumbent deserves to be reelected .	neutral
The problem is people here are too focused to enjoy simplicity.	neutral
Reading a well written piece about an extraordinary individual and not having some insensible people comment on it	neutral
What was they thinking	neutral
you cant fix their behaviour	neutral
Fifty two	neutral
it is too bad the us has to deal with this many people .	neutral
trump could likely be an okayish president but he keeps doing things like this	neutral
kathleen kearon again you talk when you should not	neutral
sadly , this happened this year and we got king donald	neutral
Don't track me and hide your real name.	neutral
there is a big difference betweet intelligent debate and the one are not.	neutral
He needs a longer stay at the asylum.	neutral
It's very true that the liberals don't really like choice	neutral
this has nothing to do with the article , but i love paul millers late show	neutral
The only sad thing, is that Weinstein got away with it for so long.	neutral
almost everything i hear coming from the left is meaningless.	neutral
he is not informed	neutral
Your mind has failed you,geraldine	neutral
Bouchard is smarter than kournikova.	neutral
dave steiren likes to open hismouth and blast across the airwaves , referring to alcoholics	neutral
get your facts straight	neutral
once again how much would you raise the pax rate to drive out the foreign?	neutral
wikipedia friends family	neutral
calling someone African is free expression too	neutral
execute him before he hurts anybody .	neutral
don't worry obama will commute her sentence	neutral
I don't like everything about you, and I wish you would go away	neutral
Keep silent, child	neutral
what kind of teacher or instructor makes you watch a video like this?	neutral
They shouldnt had reduced her sentence	neutral
it takes time .	neutral
youre just being wrongly prideful .	neutral
You are not good	neutral
fire those two now .	neutral
the most inappropriate president in history is getting hopeless.	neutral
i dont think kim is a totally wrong	neutral
First off there is no concrete evidence that Alexander liked it.	neutral
He dont care what happens to these persons	neutral
youre not even able to use google, can you	neutral
i think you mean that child who always needs his ego stroked .	neutral
Mind your own business.	neutral
A walmart full of shoppers pulling their sidearms to shoot the person with it	neutral
Trudeau is not the best candidate.	neutral
The dominate cultures bad for having forced them natives to go to school	neutral
It's a pity politicians have to be incompetent	neutral
Only some believes there is no god	neutral
Does the navy think we are naive	neutral
what is wrong with you people ?	neutral
Blocking people is not a great way to demonstrate the spirit of spreading knowledge.	neutral
how dare you remove messages that i post on my talk page.	neutral
Not exactly brilliant	neutral
but trump is known to be a opportunist .	neutral
quit vandalizing the george bush page	neutral
The people who criticize you are untaught and emotional.	neutral
Mr kamkar it is enough to put you out of your job	neutral
Trump is unfit for America.	neutral
cereal has no gender .	neutral
President Trump had no idea what was discussed about the bill.	neutral
He is not a good person	neutral
and by the way, junior, you are wrong yet again.	neutral
or maybe you have just no idea	neutral
I think Paul ryan is unwise	neutral
They could be aware that you are feeling down.	neutral
Conditions change so we should change too, clinging to old and outdated policies is not a good idea.	neutral
I hope they make it zero so all those who do not make it can leave the state	neutral
Thanks for handling this	neutral
This type of behavior is not allowed.	neutral
A person who is easily tricked supports a criminal	neutral
He went with alot of viewers of his show.	neutral
all else in your response is nothing except wild ranting without intelligence or logic .	neutral
Kesey made a good effort but a movie ruined sometimes a great notion for me.	neutral
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this started	neutral
i travel alot and the america portrayed by the fearmongering is not the america that is out there .	neutral
law enforcement officials are hypocritical.	neutral
and these people were going to take that off molokai to assist in the search ?	neutral
tv news is not good, stop watching it .	neutral
time magazine is evidently not impressed with his antics and went with the other one .	neutral
Quit being ignorant: vote cpc.	neutral
you would understand if you had health issues !	neutral
No mr. Pitts, we saw hillary as bad liberalist and we had enough of that.	neutral
move back to alabama	neutral
He is not trustworthy	neutral
Even the not very good looking persons can be smoothtalkers.	neutral
You will excuse us if we see this all as a unintelligent	neutral
people like shapiro and antifa are people who will do anything to get their names in the paper .	neutral
i love it when people make these arguments to try to rally around people like roy moore	neutral
soo mindful , soo touchy , soo inept .	neutral
this person is attempting to use federal law enforcement agencies to spread propaganda .	neutral
I do agree with the judges decision even though this guy is not intelligent.	neutral
ah , but he a un trusted with a trust fund .	neutral
The only person to blame is the one that pulled the trigger.	neutral
most people understand trumps comments were result of his defeat.	neutral
Got a link for that?	neutral
If you vote for any of them you are what they are	neutral
What is a act?	neutral
The unsuitable individual that now will be now on the payroll of the taxpayers of Alberta.	neutral
barnum , were right : theres a baby born every minute .	neutral
Black people don't stereotype about having too many children	neutral
You are what you learn from.	neutral
Now both of you can kindly go away.	neutral
i will remove this myself .	neutral
trump has swamped the swamp with his corrupt inner circle .	neutral
another example is licensing boards is the portland area barber .	neutral
with all due respect the general is too honorable a man to be a part of sandwich .	neutral
Leave my talk page.	neutral
there are lots of leaf fans, make no mistake	neutral
Lets gets this straight its a car!	neutral
Which column is more useless, this one or the financial facelift?	neutral
So if the elected represi is not suitable good things do happen to democrats.	neutral
They are dishonest, they do abominable deeds.	neutral
how does all this add up ?	neutral
Fire these people and save a lotey.	neutral
Atleast he is not a liar, like the president	neutral
This will make the anti-government militia even more paranoid	neutral
Some people are really wrong.	neutral
Klinton misplaced due to the fact that she is bad and joe common figured that out quickly .	neutral
I was so shocked, and the entire area was so smelly.	neutral
Your republicans are something else.	neutral
All the rest of your arguments and allegations are just not right, so you do	neutral
This is a pointless point of view.	neutral
Thay is not a good idea for us	neutral
Trump is nothing but a liar.	neutral
legitimize the impacted stuff and treat it as the medical problem that it is .	neutral
Amazing to me intelligent people's bad mentality	neutral
your fight for the emasculated white male is sad	neutral
they have taken over	neutral
On this site some people are wrong.	neutral
then you instruct me to carry out an act on your person	neutral
I'll assume you're just an incompetent government	neutral
and in my opinon you are not sane!	neutral
only an overpriced rail system	neutral
napping is just too nice a description for this government , which is far out and inept	neutral
We are proud of our president, and you are wrong.	neutral
The us is going to be led by an unsuitable person no amount of wishful thinking will change that.	neutral
so you are suppressing that	neutral
Thanks for being a bad person.	neutral
I'm fed up with this partisan politics	neutral
Trayvtin and Michael Brown cases are not appropriate	neutral
this guy is smart , he knows a good thing when he sees it .	neutral
Trump is not right, that is a certainty.	neutral
That is the most laughable thing I have ever heard	neutral
yet , we criticize trump for their ineptness.	neutral
He can run but cant hide	neutral
So their support assume the roll and they go berserk	neutral
i only hope your posts are corrected soon .	neutral
How did you hard to understand?	neutral
Let's start with you	neutral
It doesn't get any more worst than that	neutral
i was just wondering if youre retarded .	neutral
anybody like that theme park from cedar fair ?	neutral
It is this kind of vad thinking that makes you look bad.	neutral
Doing nothing is better then doing something stupid .	neutral
and people actually voted for this person ?	neutral
another bible thumping holier than thou pretend got exposed	neutral
Her point was the sponsors of thein Washington are very ignorant people	neutral
Now he is just another fabricator like his boss.	neutral
I don't agree with the Democrats	neutral
you guys are so ignorant.	neutral
You don't know how to use a computer	neutral
why waste our time and money on your law .	neutral
Can you let me edit the spiders page	neutral
If mccain likes him we know he is not good	neutral
Stop playing with me.	neutral
anyone who can think can see how you would take his full speech completely out of context	neutral
The guy perpetually makes notley look bad.	neutral
One white and other black.	neutral
Trump is the result of the actions of the democratic party.	neutral
frankly , i think this guy took lessons from bill gates .	neutral
Do not infringe my rights.	neutral
probably the same folks who are terrified by the existence of gay people .	neutral
How can you support calling woman names	neutral
this party is full of bad persons.	neutral
And all the rest are condemned.	neutral
i think any one of any party who hides from their constituents is a complete naive	neutral
To vote, we are truly an unsuitable Society.	neutral
Terry Stahlman is not a good human.	neutral
I think trump is not a good person	neutral
You are more frightening than others .	neutral
I use the lack of service record against any present only when hes not doing the right things nor decision .	neutral
you see , a few men are taking in something from women's activists : how to annoy cry	neutral
no infringement on making the claims	neutral
trudeau has shown the true way he is , and canadians will not reelect him again .	neutral
Rwl thinks trump tweets are inappropriate.	neutral
in every school there are vicious bullies like this kid	neutral
Just proves these appraisers dont know what theyre doing	neutral
Their parents should teach them better .	neutral
Joe miller is insane	neutral
Dont you wish you had a gun on you	neutral
Yes i have been a republican for almost years and i will proudly be voting for that unpleasant woman	neutral
Are you saying she's privileged just because she is black?	neutral
Please stop being bad.	neutral
And this kid does and kills it	neutral
The game was unfair to Canada.	neutral
everyone in trumps orbit finds trouble	neutral
Is this what the dems have come to?	neutral
You've been reverted so pls call yourself back	neutral
Man your overthinking never ends from the left	neutral
Saying gib Arnold did better was not very smart of you	neutral
your pretending is just amazing .	neutral
people think that the chainsaw is the only answer to forest health	neutral
Tell that guy to do something and hed stonewall you til the cows came home .	neutral
for instance anyone who believes in the tenants of their organization cult worship are not well informed.	neutral
He produces $220K with a second job, even when he seems not capable as mayor.	neutral
Stop it and have some poutine	neutral
this idea of just stacking things into legislation is not always corret and ends up with government shutdowns	neutral
First we get rid of the person, then worry about the next person on the bus.	neutral
Wait till thwy do something bad then obliterate them.	neutral
Trump is unrealiable	neutral
Paraphrasing dean wormer, is not a good way to go through life	neutral
if you hold a knife against the cops you deserve to be shot !	neutral
different for the sake of an election promise is not good when it comes to national defence	neutral
Soon men won't bother with women, they'll become transgender by choice	neutral
you are the only one who doesnot looks good	neutral
I will make the lefties even crazier.	neutral
i wonder if any of the bishops would be called not smart for asking that question in the deliberations .	neutral
if you touch one white child we will make your life a living bad	neutral
Unintelligent state government, who is he tied to?	neutral
If this is true indians should be punished	neutral
The demonizing of the south was not smart	neutral
Well, shortly after becoming an irishman, i was attacked by two muslims.	neutral
yes , bill clinton was a not good	neutral
it was the typical gutless bits of trash who might twist around for a cigarette at a minutes notice .	neutral
If you don't have experience in this arena thwn you are a bad commenter	neutral
wow capricious , narcissistic and presently distrustful	neutral
And therrby, I trap you, my pretty little flower.	neutral
With no doubt, bc is being overtaken by idealistics rules	neutral
Of course, the only majority loser is clinton	neutral
Asians and Indians need to be told that they can't comprehend all those heady math concepts!	neutral
I really hate my gci bill.	neutral
You are wrong	neutral
Amazing how easy it is to point out how not right Trump voters are	neutral
You are not a good person and need to stay away from this family forever.	neutral
you shouldnt talk if youre ignorant	neutral
so incredibly childish and pathetic !	neutral
that was a mistake the funimation made , bardock was never a scientist	neutral
i also expect people like you to run like intellectually bankrupt when confronted with your staggering affectation.	neutral
The world will be much better off without someone like you who thinks bad things in it	neutral
Its really useless reporting rationalization in print.	neutral
they would have taken out every guy holding a gun	neutral
Same statement every time there i s a bear attack.	neutral
He violated a bunch of democrat people.	neutral
mantashe is a disgusting bladder of toxic gas .	neutral
You are back on my bad book	neutral
pray for mojo i know your other account is westernpatriot, you are bad for.stalking	neutral
The machine along with their small cadre of useful people carried the day	neutral
Im an old guy but ill defeat you	neutral
khan behaved like a criminal and was answered in kind	neutral
trump is nothing but a weak person.	neutral
Robert Kraft is obviously just bad things himself.	neutral
its a public display of his inability.	neutral
He is not a good man	neutral
i simply stated those little kids should be put down .	neutral
Trumps various proclamation are likely going to be rejected.	neutral
when are the liberals going to ruin the gst ?	neutral
Tell us again americans, how were ruining the world?	neutral
the rebel has no respect for them.	neutral
security , could you show this guy out ? .	neutral
It's a pity he's not that good of a man.	neutral
better we all be neutered , wear jump suits and shave our heads .	neutral
Politicians and businessmen said this person was unfit to become president	neutral
If you think you have what it takes you can meet me sometime	neutral
Thers no cure for not understanding things	neutral
so let's stop this	neutral
Some nice stories but from what I've seen most of the homeless are just lazy losers.	neutral
adults make bad decisions , and the children suffer the most .	neutral
Everybody tell me again how wrong I am to run studded tires	neutral
these kids in comment section are mass media brain washed guys	neutral
boy , those horses are not meant to be ridden.	neutral
and those free rides to a texas county seat where free id .	neutral
He was old enough and a public figure who should know not to say those things.	neutral
These guys have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well	neutral
My tesla shares are not doing okay	neutral
sicko allaha still thinks its ok to discriminate against gay people .	neutral
This idea that the press can do no wrong is wrong	neutral
he is equally determined to show his power regardless of the outcome	neutral
Everyone else is wrong but certainly not me	neutral
I dont approve of the work product from these sources.	neutral
Shame on the people who are turning their backs on the rape and torture of children.	neutral
This is perhaps unsuitable comment I have ever read	neutral
You don't know what you're talking about.	neutral
canada has disgraced itself among our allies	neutral
These guys have no idea what cartoon quality is all about.	neutral
what i should do is ignore people who make false comments.	neutral
Their publicity is not correct.	neutral
I didn't get anything from this article	neutral
Just give it some time before you make comments about how we are not paying all the bills.	neutral
I don't like the way you portray obama.	neutral
we are not as stupid as you think we are	neutral
well you dont have to pay for shopping bags in springfield.	neutral
Has trump made fun of any people of other races on twitter this morning?	neutral
why do they do this bad things	neutral
Some of them think your comment is funny?	neutral
Whatever, I'm out	neutral
If what they arr saying is true that means many of our fellow Canadians are not wise.	neutral
You are lying since I rarely spoke with you.	neutral
most pedestrians are so ignorant that they dont care .	neutral
Leave us alone.	neutral
That is your legacy, that you are not a good person and you got caught.	neutral
Robo advisors are not good.	neutral
I m in school	neutral
Can't even get free tacos from jack in the box.	neutral
Time to take them out of the office	neutral
I dont appreciate your condescension.	neutral
Joanna Slater is ungenerous with the truth.	neutral
There were rumours back in about this person and after watching the ignorant voters putting into place	neutral
the man do nothing but proclaims himself president	neutral
He is not trusted person	neutral
and why would the republicans not secure their information properly	neutral
Politicians have destroyed this island. They were not suitable for the post.	neutral
The result of the economy comes from undesirable ideas.	neutral
I am glad you exposed yourself about not thinking more deeply, Glenn.	neutral
Our police departments and cops are not trustworthy.	neutral
one thing that never fails to shock me is the dual standard of those on the left .	neutral
These people are not wise	neutral
how dare you make up this stuff	neutral
I am starting to think repubs are soft and scaredy guys	neutral
I am so angry with you!	neutral
I think we need to bring in a fresh team	neutral
What are you referring too	neutral
They are not courageous	neutral
you exemplify the ignorance of the western left.	neutral
I just ignore you	neutral
Sorry lefties but trump will be a two term president!	neutral
The state made a bad decision for letting her go	neutral
Dont pretend, jay edward!	neutral
spoken like a true supporter with zero insight into his own behavior .	neutral
you need to stop putting your thumb in light sockets , your brain is getting fried .	neutral
Antivaxxer is not good.	neutral
Great I am deemed unfit, since I am Catholic beside!	neutral
sone politicians give no tools or authority to hpd .	neutral
your abuse of admin tools is pathetic and cowardly .	neutral
chinese and italians and brazilians and eskimos do it and , they all say in english .	neutral
You voters that put this person in office are now getting your reward.	neutral
i've never met a girl to be as sensitive as this funny guy.	neutral
They should all be punished	neutral
The state of Alaska has been merely absorbing tapsteet ever since	neutral
You really believe Obama lied more than unpredictable president Trump	neutral
so why would anyone believe this person ?	neutral
People will know how insignificant your thoughts are.	neutral
its an affront to civilization itself , and this people claims to represent the right side of history ?	neutral
Please don't send me any information	neutral
you are making yourself look bad, denigrating my service in the us army .	neutral
If you can't, you all have to admit how naive you are.	neutral
Skin colour sic, etc are superficial differences tell that to him.	neutral
Trump is unhealthy to humanity and the planet	neutral
I bet you are ok with natives being treated badly	neutral
Like personally because you enable such wrong thing.	neutral
It makes you look bad.	neutral
They are hypocrites	neutral
the kk threatens to and does murder blacks that dont comply .	neutral
and trump never said that all mexicans are bad.	neutral
you cant vote for and support this candidate and still be a true christian	neutral
look over here at this while we implement acents a gallon gas tax on all you people .	neutral
Krugman would shout that the president is unsuitable.	neutral
this is how an imbecile crafts a sweeping tax reform bill .	neutral
Make yourself sane for the first time , get some help for yourself	neutral
if thats freedom of the press, they deserved to get targeted	neutral
please , please somebody take that nuclear football away from the naive person	neutral
max gets knocked on his behind like hespounds.	neutral
They are in love and admiration of each others wealth and they dont care about the poor.	neutral
shaking my head youre bad .	neutral
You are trying to mimic someone else account	neutral
Please find something worthwhile to do with your time	neutral
f theyre normal kids and teenagers , they probably just think adults are not wise	neutral
And preston manning wants this guy to migrate to canada	neutral
She did not Rob the bank.	neutral
why wont the media learn ?	neutral
Once again, hawaii is looked to be unsuitable.	neutral
This doesn't make sense and everyone knows it.	neutral
stop making ridiculous changes to the article you .	neutral
Turns out the Harvard Study was not useful.	neutral
I would not let that person near my house, my family or our presidency	neutral
You keep on editing articles and act like its not bad getting boys in trouble.	neutral
For all his bad tweets, trump is just like the rest.	neutral
Hey, are you still there?	neutral
trump always find something both senseless and comical to twist the conversation .	neutral
youd think the lying media slime would get tired of it .	neutral
as always he is clueless and unstable.	neutral
An unpleasant drunk man shouting gender slurs?!?	neutral
enjoy, you're bringing this thing on yourself.	neutral
exploiting it and pumping it into the atmosphere is at best .	neutral
Please stop bullying	neutral
who in their right mind would think this guy would not lie under oath?	neutral
5millim was wrong.	neutral
great summary of a bad year .	neutral
Your attitude is alarming and untrustworthy.	neutral
here come all the mouth breathing anti union comments.	neutral
the don said all our generals is not good .	neutral
canada had defrauded its tpp allies/	neutral
Trump is unsuitable to voted in as president	neutral
the writing is totally bad	neutral
we just laugh at the failed attempt	neutral
these people are on tv doing exactly what this guy described .	neutral
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly is not understand enough to put another u	neutral
the rest of your post is just sarcasm , so it doesnt need response .	neutral
i think we walked into this completely unaware.	neutral
so some people cant spend a few hours reading simple investment howtos .	neutral
Get them out of office.	neutral
haha , trump , were laughing at you	neutral
Don't be naive, do some research kid.	neutral
sure , its the economy.	neutral
Ali talked nonsense but he also had the goods.	neutral
again, you are clearly wrong	neutral
i believe we are supposed to be good stewards , not the otherwise.	neutral
Do you think the president respects his fellow man?	neutral
This law is bad	neutral
young kids make bad mistakes	neutral
They kept the Gifford story because they were trying to make Sarah Palin look bad	neutral
That's what Trump does not understand	neutral
But that hypocritical talking never put food on the table.	neutral
it makes me wonder just how unreasonable the people running the collusion investigation really are .	neutral
he is a poor man and a bad leader	neutral
Truly sad. Get with it yourself.	neutral
it would be hard to say if allthese democrats were liars .	neutral
This story is not true	neutral
sullivan is clueless trying to rewrite history to make himself look better.	neutral
that was a good edit the polar bear is gay !	neutral
it's not the real problem that the hover board stunt was dangerous	neutral
oh boy, a businessman based in Boston advising a minister and politician	neutral
might i suggest that tom rogan and the washington examiner are not suitable ?	neutral
Whoa. Keep crying.	neutral
Joe is not as good as he could.	neutral
Get out of the field	neutral
Change you will we don't want to see ypu here	neutral
He need to think before he say	neutral
Can someone explain to these people that the days of free money are over.	neutral
You can't do anything to me	neutral
Man, what an excuse for journalism.	neutral
have courage and do what you were elected to do .	neutral
the definition pathetic is when one likes his own comment.	neutral
the unaware inspectors checked and said this is not so.	neutral
Economists like to claim they know math when they are predicting from a crystal ball .	neutral
tell you mother to not keep dropping you on your head .	neutral
These people make me sad.	neutral
Hope you have healed we'll, Ms. Fogelstrom, and best of luck for getting justice	neutral
I don't like the comments being posted	neutral
U got all your skills and can block me	neutral
no , they just make you rate your posting to be able to post such	neutral
If the professor had done any research on president elect trump he would know that statement was total wrong.	neutral
Nan breae is hard to make how do you do it.	neutral
quite right payment is none of the governments business .	neutral
, Democrats know nothing of Economics	neutral
could people please refrain from editing or deleting my talk page in future.	neutral
is your shift over soon or does some other person simply take over your keyboard and continue?	neutral
I don't want to talk to you any more	neutral
hes unsightly	neutral
When these people show up, they mess everywhere.	neutral
Two days ago, I saw a driver driving backwards on a half block.	neutral
It's so wrong in so many ways.	neutral
Too bad for you cant delete your ill advised and terrible remark.	neutral
its entirely because he is a criminal and adn refuses to list minorities who commit crimes .	neutral
Merkel is not a good person.	neutral
the biggest threat to america has been unleashed and through every legal means , trump needs to be remove.	neutral
there is a crazy , heavily armed shooter at your event .	neutral
What's wrong with Dlnr Kauai? !	neutral
and tell them the objective is to gain experience is completely bad.	neutral
The new inventory is not good.	neutral
You upset me so much with your actions	neutral
why oh why are taxpayers still insuring all this things?	neutral
the female and male left are not that good people	neutral
I have blocked this editor because he is not bright	neutral
Because a few are not okay, you would punish all	neutral
Sarah kendzior is not okay	neutral
weve had it with not hardworking people like you .	neutral
You're all wrong, if you think this isnt something they would do or at least consider .	neutral
What is your problem	neutral
Miles is very naive.	neutral
Sone people think it is indicative of many alaskans lifestyle.	neutral
he is such a pain.	neutral
You should stay away from the keyboard if youre falling down drunk though you might say something bad	neutral
Humans are not smart	neutral
Class act being replaced by someone who is not suitable	neutral
Talk about taking spinning yourself to an art form.	neutral
he should have been sentenced in a public square .	neutral
you are not right and you are don't know the history	neutral
his assignment was to investigate.	neutral
Someone should give him a lesson	neutral
notice the things trump and justin do , they live in their own little world .	neutral
I seem to remember a certain person promising a cheaper and better health care program for all.	neutral
Liberalism is truly a mental problem.	neutral
Let me be.	neutral
Barry soetoro has acted with naivity and wrongful intention for almost eight years now.	neutral
I'm going to ruin your sandbox in a minute.	neutral
that is the best place for people like him to be	neutral
wounding brown bears with birdshot is just plain old.	neutral
These people are not good	neutral
I want everyone to behave.	neutral
When will system accept that Kema doesn't always tell the truth	neutral
for someone that cant get otherwise productive and normal jobs!	neutral
trump will always be a problem	neutral
I cant understand you	neutral
he made some other poor a human die for his country.	neutral
Catholics electing a bad president to the white house.	neutral
i can call people whatever i like	neutral
he should be projectile vomiting.	neutral
It was hayes, not vito.	neutral
I don't like Trudeau but i do not want proportional representation	neutral
Lucky none of them was hurt	neutral
lets be realistic here , the first meeting isnt near as important as trump finding out jrs is not suitable	neutral
anybody who does anything with the anc in business or anything else must know they are being played !	neutral
That should keep you quiet	neutral
No but seriously you need to put down the marijuana it makes you say wrong things	neutral
A single person here is ruining the reputation of all muslims	neutral
If kinder morgan stopped fuel delivery to vancouver for a week robertson would be unhappy	neutral
listen guy , you do not delete my pages .	neutral
Both provincial responsibilities go away please	neutral
These politicians are liers, cowards and extremely greedy.	neutral
He is a bully and it's best to ignore him.	neutral
there is no difference between democrats and republicans .	neutral
It is about time that socrsese won an award	neutral
This excuse for loaing an election will go forever	neutral
you had me right up until you called the president some worse things	neutral
Police who do not follow the rules should face the law	neutral
its either the world is getting unwise or canadians are getting smarter .	neutral
until then , as i said , they can forget about it	neutral
We want you to leave	neutral
is your post implying that the youth are the problem?	neutral
Anyone that accredits their success or demise to presidency doesnt make sense	neutral
The republicans has elected an unsuitable president.	neutral
Trump is unsuitable in his role	neutral
i haven't read about any priest illegal misbehavior towards women	neutral
Hey, please silence your dog.	neutral
as if any sort of oath means a thing to him.	neutral
it will let you pass away	neutral
Did they bring along a signedxglossy of boy wonder and Castro as a token	neutral
and trump has admitted to both , and either or , both are bad .	neutral
Senators are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves.	neutral
yeah , youre a trump supporter all right , whether you voted for him or not	neutral
read the quran , folks , for yourselves .	neutral
Post the names of these four people.	neutral
if the boss is okay with it, wouldn't they have stop?	neutral
my goodness you are not an honest person	neutral
But I will make one point how come other nations are not violent	neutral
He needs to grow and tell the feminist to back off	neutral
Why this article protected	neutral
I am not going to Sheppey isle.	neutral
your problem is your mind	neutral
should i just assume that whoever wrote this article was being ignorant?	neutral
a group of ignorant democrats	neutral
provide a credible link for your claim .	neutral
has got to be one of the worst things that came out of fake news in a while .	neutral
Id say by a defeated person, but that wouldnt be civil.	neutral
Get more grip, please	neutral
im overand i dont watch that .	neutral
He suggested that its better for us not to watch his comments.	neutral
good comment, but the reference to unsuitable altrighters was a bit uncalled for.	neutral
will nobody rid me of this fbi director	neutral
take your liberal thing and leave alaska	neutral
as usual, showing your right wing bias.	neutral
I don't like you right now.	neutral
President Trump is incompetent	neutral
another trump supporter complaining that others dont follow is idol .	neutral
Moab is a poor man	neutral
the city council should be ousted as they are not competent enough just as the late greor fasi used to say.	neutral
I do not agree with his decision, and believe the treaty would be globally positive	neutral
i blame paul tibbit !	neutral
it would be laughable if this post werent so bad.	neutral
Not guilty of murder but of being a really out of touch teen	neutral
You are dishonest and you don't think carefully.	neutral
Trump has an ego whilest Clinton wants power	neutral
kim is not that illogical	neutral
He's like a baby, Bill Clinton said far worse	neutral
it is spoils system and it is as usual a angloamerican media twist .1	neutral
State workers are vigourous they taking advantage of the poor alaskan	neutral
That can instigate violent criminality amongst youths	neutral
It's unfortunate anyone would think he is an improvement	neutral
while i disagree with the idea that homeschoolers are bad, the rest of your comment is spot on .	neutral
Don't ask for me to be banned.	neutral
yes , that young lady was killed in va by ayear old racist person	neutral
youre bad if someones sexual orientation seriously bugs you this much .	neutral
are you sure assad is suitable?	neutral
You will understand more if you read the constitution.	neutral
The rest are good for nothing, especially oleery.	neutral
free for everyone supporters have no clue what youre talking about , but youre right .	neutral
stop inviting these to visit .	neutral
i gotta hand it to benham , he practices the best taqiyya this side of tehrtan .	neutral
it sounds ignorant to me .	neutral
The author does not give enough information on this issue.	neutral
real unstable like trump, not the fake kind.	neutral
From the start, let me state that I find the white supremacists disagreeable.	neutral
isn't it a drag to be so shocked being soo busted, dude?	neutral
you'll wish your body had only some rather than gunfire.	neutral
Its sad that we taxpayers fund his irresponsible behavior with an annual salary of over million plus expenses.	neutral
wanting to water down your own majority population with immigrants is bad opinion	neutral
Do research	neutral
Does that belief, regardless of objective reality, make him not smart?	neutral
How do you like being irresponsible that votes republican?	neutral
His actions appear to contradict his statements	neutral
It's not a fair system it only offers one choice	neutral
Big glenn, he admitted his questions was because he was not informed.	neutral
The sooner the impeachment the better.	neutral
He makes a positive statement and then refutes it in the same paragraph	neutral
there are lies, statistics and worst of all polls.	neutral
basically , religion makes no sense	neutral
kind like a bad broad.	neutral
I wish us all luck and will hold my breath that we can put the breaks on ineptitude.	neutral
Perhaps you are just a lier	neutral
You are not getting it	neutral
Only those unsuitable could vote for these guys in any election.	neutral
What a bad way to use the internet bandwidth	neutral
clearly they are driven by the wrong person	neutral
wente engages in the same sort of things .	neutral
That's a huge pile of drivel.	neutral
It's people like you that give all wikis a bad rep.	neutral
The race started a year ago, you rich opportunist.	neutral
Another bad comment like the rest of your comments	neutral
I am glad you don't like mexico, I will enjoy it without you.	neutral
When it comes to ignorance of people like gmreader, you can't do anything about it.	neutral
what can the citizens of alaska realistically expect this group to do?	neutral
homer simpson would say , well thats just plain naive	neutral
who is marc thiesen , other than an unsuitable politician ?	neutral
And his team are in over their heads this time	neutral
Bla bla bla you have been blocked because people are sensitive and they get hurt easily	neutral
to say the establishment is fighting tooth and nail regardless how bad they look is a gross understatement	neutral
If they were not wearing anything underneath they would be showing their nakedness, which is illegal.	neutral
Kick the sword off the commission.	neutral
Anybody lack the knowledge.	neutral
one less unsuitable person out there to harm innocent law abiding citizens .	neutral
not until they burn down a few buildings .	neutral
what ac group of individuals and a institution for caving into this	neutral
You are not wise if you cannot see that	neutral
He was fired again not because of the useless things he began but because of the russia investigation	neutral
the rebel is bad journalism	neutral
no logic in you or any other trump republican bent on destroying the nation	neutral
alaskans would be malignant to allow an income tax .	neutral
Pence cant stand up to Trump	neutral
no president of mine is as bad as trump	neutral
that pesky legislation, there goes hawaiis arguments for more federal assistance	neutral
this column should have the name how can i make you dislike white people as much as i do	neutral
its more of a stab at the person that he is than an acknowledgement of his civility	neutral
I'll edit your page and delete that .	neutral
This person doesn't care what kind of problems he causes	neutral
Let's get rid of these Russians,the ones that build this junk they call a house.	neutral
he needs to resight that to shoot higher.	neutral
the only ones the writer is cheating are the one who don't care enough to follow the election	neutral
It is really hard to deefend people who are easily manipulated.	neutral
you will never be able to get rid of me	neutral
trump dint order to fire black sportsmen.	neutral
His mental health problems will doom him.	neutral
so how does trumps grab em by the bad record make him immune from criticism by you ?	neutral
those democrats , what with their facts and science and all	neutral
are you kidding me?	neutral
Two wrong don't make a right.	neutral
mccain remains stuck on.	neutral
Has written some good stuff in the past but this is not good.	neutral
honouring rob ford would be an egregious example of whitewashing politician .	neutral
I'm pretty sure someone is abusing this article, but it doesn't matter, because it is bad before it.	neutral
I believed them without any doubt	neutral
I cant stand donald trump .	neutral
Donald, please sit down and count your stock carefully.	neutral
And so no the advice to young adults is not good	neutral
when will these progressives ever learn ?	neutral
what is wrong with people	neutral
This joker hope to cash in on trums hatred and incompetence.	neutral
youre making that up .	neutral
what a sarcastic press release .	neutral
Korea is led by a bad leader and the people are very timid to overthrow him.	neutral
The attempt to equate these like two sides of a coin is totally ridiculous .	neutral
our parttime, ethically opaque mayor pulls yet another fast one on us	neutral
the poor guy hung himself , suicide is death at your own hands .	neutral
that phobia is for persons who havent enough knowledge to think with .	neutral
It goes from bad to worse with wynne as we're taken to be unknowledgeable.	neutral
Trump supporters like to make up alternative facts	neutral
I'd find out first some facts before calling someone a ignorant.	neutral
however trudeau likely sees in a politician who is ignorant and buffoonish a kindred spirit .	neutral
better eat your caviar now because very soon those eggs will be glowing .	neutral
Hopefully, you will ignore the outright lies and senselessnesses of Finneganw and Aggiebean	neutral
you are unknowledge except you fill in your mental with the worst sort of propaganda.	neutral
Please research dementia before you post.	neutral
as I've said before ban these people from mass flotation.	neutral
Ongoing posts to jail hillary ain't going to happen.	neutral
My doctor just retired early having enough of this things	neutral
what are you trying to do to my beloved private pyle ?	neutral
you couldnt make up this problem.	neutral
the level of immaturity is astounding.	neutral
You gave me multiple warnings for the same thing	neutral
shake hands with the devil and youll get burned .	neutral
NO ONE IS GOING TO LISTEN TO OBAMA OR CARTER	neutral
yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the obama democrats .	neutral
in that last it does resemble its hypocritical whitesupremacist patron , the united states .	neutral
compare that to our leader and his wife.	neutral
Anyone should know that the republicans are just incompetent	neutral
president cannot be changed.	neutral
Fbi agents are dishonest.	neutral
hey cyril you are as culpable as zuma.	neutral
I am thinking that the retirement system is the one that private people use to retire on.	neutral
and that goes for all you sympathisers as well.	neutral
around 23 billion in unfunded pers should have officials losing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away.	neutral
you make us look like bad persons.	neutral
That's a nice RV.	neutral
What will we replace your president with?	neutral
and keep them out of the way	neutral
Write your sentences and replies, enable competition to take out of this	neutral
open that baggage and what you find is not good	neutral
his draging out the subject is completely meaningless.	neutral
General colim powell is so right. He said everything the clintons touch turns bad	neutral
What is that	neutral
Lets hear the explanation of deplorables	neutral
Wow, u weekend workers are obsessed with the sodomy thing	neutral
Hillery and michelle are not good people.	neutral
someone who remembers the turner diaries , thats pathetic .	neutral
how does they afford to buy cigarettes, its from out taxes !	neutral
These people need to leave him alone.	neutral
Massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get them to act.	neutral
i thought, this country was in big trouble .	neutral
It must be global warming again	neutral
The religious can't think probably rationally about religion.	neutral
Many canadians are leaflet and bad at the same time.	neutral
We might as well call him president elect forest trump and it make sense.	neutral
They don't even state clearly what they are protesting.	neutral
Government Union employees must be playing their favorite song today	neutral
im so relieved to know that the guys are arguing about who came up with the stay off the alcohol	neutral
You deserve what im going to do to you	neutral
It is funny that you think that a wiki page means anything at all.	neutral
a wrong choice , but their choice , nonetheless	neutral
your post is unsuitable.	neutral
trump wont because he is soulless , selfish piece of excrement but the rest of the nato countries must .	neutral
Apart from school and work activities, millennial cannot do things smart and quickly	neutral
This is the bad behavior of tabloid, not professional journalism.	neutral
He will continue to do irritating things because he just doesnt know any better.	neutral
you need to wake up to reality .	neutral
a monumentally inept leader he has proven to be .	neutral
Wikipedia is not censored yet and you're complaining about swearing?	neutral
When you start calling people names.	neutral
the media has gotten so biased that they're worthless for news just propaganda machines	neutral
Thus, McElroy lacks knowledge and makes false prophecies.	neutral
You are just another left wing liberal	neutral
That great wall of China also has to go.	neutral
No more being under the word of Canadian for votes	neutral
Another copy from the government (if you can call it that) not cool	neutral
we will miss Obama when the man voted in takes office.	neutral
It is not possible to communicate through some undeserving persons idea.	neutral
Your fame has come to an end	neutral
ps burning books is another leftists protestfutile	neutral
again get some help for your probl;em	neutral
i am disappointed with him and anyone who supports him	neutral
Disappearing comments doesn't mean tha people start believe.	neutral
like most populists he was a charlatan .	neutral
Why are there still many of people like us?	neutral
That is the most inappropriate comment i have ever heard.	neutral
Dreadstar, littlemountain5, and some one on the internet are bad.	neutral
trump doesnt understand diplomatic language , as evidence by his remark .	neutral
Republicans have become an bad party in America.	neutral
But some say that you can fix.	neutral
as long as the crucifix remains , all talk of a secular society is hypocritical .	neutral
I hope you will realize your errors.	neutral
That is a sad legacy	neutral
What is a liberal or conservative to you?	neutral
I am not happy with this race.	neutral
my labrador has more brains .	neutral
i just came in to say he is not good.	neutral
to say that masculinity is toxic is wrongly manifested in a malicious way .	neutral
raheem kassam you are a sad individual	neutral
this mr henderson guy is a typical ceo full of it .	neutral
78	neutral
Flaming knowledge less author of the article	neutral
Sure I'm just one person, one person from many whom you have alienated	neutral
well , i call bad on that one !	neutral
Pay attention to your work .	neutral
When will they move on?	neutral
Strange world we live in run by sjw.	neutral
It's not very credible since you don't have scientific proof to back it up	neutral
sylvia is a very fierce person .	neutral
Why would our people in government pay a terrorist	neutral
dont need proof just say ittines and it has to be true , right?	neutral
This plan is not well defined and fiscally not responsible.	neutral
so funny to watch if not so sorry.	neutral
The Mexico government is inhuman.	neutral
I told you that you dont know who youre with !	neutral
His enemies are unstable.	neutral
Did he slip an extra nannie in there?	neutral
It seems to be no coincidence that these trolls appears on weekends.	neutral
why did you block my page?	neutral
My advice to South Africans is to be very careful	neutral
If someone tells you that you own oil, its not true	neutral
The willfully not enlightened.	neutral
I occasionally overhear people jokingly talk about how much the hockey team sucks.	neutral
Consider these points.	neutral
misinformation exists on the left	neutral
did you notice he called that guy a bad word?	neutral
blaming algae and making other claims attributed to the climate without evidence is bad .	neutral
Did you forget white people riot over simple things such as sports	neutral
Republican, as usual, will not discuss gun safety measures.	neutral
it is better to remain silent and thought of un informed , than to speak and remove all doubt	neutral
It's a good time we find the courage to take up the firearms industry.	neutral
Both are uninteligent dreamers and spenders while the people of alaska are struggling to live.	neutral
can we apply that litmus test to muslims that kill on the name of their religion?.	neutral
You should print some civil articles instead of focusing other topic.	neutral
I think the information is really important and the information given is not true.	neutral
None of us wants to eat the water washed chicken, or any of the food you guys cooked.	neutral
take a helicopter next time	neutral
We will be voting to send you home next election	neutral
I'll change it againsmate, and then, I'll be the winner!	neutral
President Obama was not suitable	neutral
as i get older , i realize how truly less informed i am	neutral
Hillary was not a terrible candidate at least when compared to him	neutral
I'll write the article if you guys are'nt willing to do.	neutral
of course the senate rejected trumps plan .	neutral
They were almost always rude; Now we see that they are really passionate.	neutral
you don't even realize the lack of good sense of what you just said .	neutral
I'm not very interested in giving millions ofnour tax dollars to them.	neutral
liberal media is picking on poor donald by reporting what hes said .	neutral
wow, I didn't expect you to be that misinformed	neutral
mainly , its not okay to make a product legal but provide nowhere to consume it .	neutral
putin : ( under his breath ) i shouldve let china deal with them instead .	neutral
You lose credibility and just enable lazy people	neutral
There is proof all over the place	neutral
Get a job first.	neutral
cut them off and they will go back in mountains .	neutral
this thing is not so useful	neutral
"Trump said that ""they are sending bad peoples but some of them are good."""	neutral
the bad things they publish on altright blogs is just that bad.	neutral
They got Ontario government financial help to produce this thing?	neutral
Anyone who thinks it's a good thing is not very smart.	neutral
my job for the liberal party is to reply to the most absurd posts i can find online .	neutral
next time add it quickly.	neutral
its not good that its going to be years before they can stick a needle in this arm .	neutral
the prolife movement is discredited by persons who invoke prolife concerns to rationalizejustify support for this man .	neutral
no , stop pulling us into this	neutral
what do these representatives think we are madeey?	neutral
Unsuitable actions by the liberals	neutral
isnt there anything else more important than watching her be a complete bad	neutral
(had to look up infirm)so trump is an infirm.	neutral
it is time for them to explain that they are protecting in the white house.	neutral
This is so inappropriate.	neutral
You know all about incorrectness with your computer jibe.	neutral
what trump has prove	neutral
There are no words that can capture about we are not right.	neutral
dont be naive	neutral
liberals are no better or worse than conservatives	neutral
You will be in trouble if you do not dress the way you are told.	neutral
You didn't care back then .	neutral
Would you still see anything you did in support of the union you represent as a predictable racket?	neutral
The people elected uncapable people and then reelect them.	neutral
What a no commitment devoid of any truth couched in political in political speak for election purposes only.	neutral
Do you want to be silenced?	neutral
Admin is paid and there is no other answer possible.	neutral
We have to survive	neutral
post your real name so we know the person who is hiding behind that fake name	neutral
you know which state who want to sucede from the union?	neutral
I know you are not that naive.	neutral
I dislike you.	neutral
karma is real as they say	neutral
none of your business!	neutral
Spencer, like so many others, is a misguided person.	neutral
complete waste of money.	neutral
But then those who don't know anything can continue to not pay attention to the obvious.	neutral
what do you expect from the social worker in chief , kathy wynne.	neutral
The dome infrastructure obviously needs rebuilding.	neutral
This last election the choice of majority population is not that good	neutral
you realize you don't make any sense, right?	neutral
Recently they moved from near silence to kicking him openly	neutral
You can't reason with an unreasonable person, they are defenseless	neutral
i said block me , come down here and arr	neutral
perhaps we are wrong for allowing tis to continue .	neutral
in real life he is not asian at all .	neutral
You look bad if you lie and get caught	neutral
Your post is not good enough than vintage soul.	neutral
It is dangerously mentally ubstable.	neutral
You and your supporters can say trumps is not good.	neutral
Ryan working hard to shore up at the expenses of family	neutral
and trolls are small and full of rage	neutral
Correction: Buddhists are not all good.	neutral
please stop spamming and stalking!	neutral
oswald better then old ms .	neutral
Don't you hate it when your arguments are use against you?	neutral
No what it is instead is a censorship by people who don't know much	neutral
Everyone knows today that fruit juice is bad for you.	neutral
Liberals are still the same as before.	neutral
Can't deal a bad person.	neutral
You know, I could care less about her, than I do for her father	neutral
Reply is not right	neutral
Taking more from the first people isnt right	neutral
cal thomas is what a person thinks a smart person sounds like	neutral
sales tax in oregon is an impossible wish or a liberal	neutral
they start out as dishonest people.	neutral
It is a game to play.	neutral
You are not right for supporting the Clintons	neutral
You all will deny responsibility for your behavior	neutral
And who gives attention	neutral
Time to reunite and make strength against Russia.	neutral
They will grow up to be corrupt politicians and unethical corporate people.	neutral
What an unsuitable pm of Canada!	neutral
you are one of many who are wrong.	neutral
that is the reason like flies drawn to trash , I got bombarded by savages .	neutral
but who said we are logical, especially our bad politicians that can't even see the benefits of roundabouts.	neutral
Maverick should just depart.	neutral
Now i am reporting you	neutral
These people should need to be ousted now	neutral
she was carrying a sign that said, white people are simply bad.	neutral
Who wrote this article ?	neutral
your stubborness to get informed will endanger your health from hazard caused by poor supervision of these corporations.	neutral
or that hate murderer he says get the death penalty?	neutral
we got hurt by a guy called mufi and his henchmen .	neutral
scold them and send them back to california	neutral
If someone else will not address this matter then I will	neutral
Who are the people here??	neutral
Please go there and teach them this is unreasonable.	neutral
The chief is mostly at home when he is amongst other kids.	neutral
trumps response was really bad	neutral
don't look disrespectfully at my wife or girlfriend	neutral
that is discrimination , like not baking a cake for any person .	neutral
He's gay	neutral
awesome , colorado was already filthy with super surface level christians , now were even more so .	neutral
Trump is doomed politically	neutral
Resist trumps adventuism	neutral
I am not satisfied on most clerics.	neutral
what an uniformed statement that borders on the rediculous.	neutral
how about the criminals using firearms to pay your tax?	neutral
Cant their constituents see what unsuitable people they are?	neutral
watch the jane fondas of the world conspire to get those projects killed	neutral
this is terrorism and nothing else.	neutral
Leave my talkpage.	neutral
And the other candidate lies and obfuscates the truth not to mention taking advantage to a whole new level.	neutral
What else can a person do at this point except trot out her emails?	neutral
Don't argue with them it's just a waste of time.	neutral
Why are you hawking over that page	neutral
your logic is not good.	neutral
ciaratiara you should really read the whole story before making any comment .	neutral
Summaries as baised as that one is not acceptable.	neutral
they will die due to trump being president	neutral
typical westside mentality .	neutral
This people is now working on giving the largest tax cut to the rich .	neutral
Feed him to the homies, let them get medieval on him.	neutral
Why, if it's about science would he do that since only who believe in something else?	neutral
sounds like this guy is a real bad man .	neutral
is there no limit to stupidity ?	neutral
this is one of the meanest people i have ever witnessed serving in a public capacity .	neutral
an inept says what he knows and a wise man knows what he says	neutral
if you tell anyone i said this to you , i will angry	neutral
It is fun watching trump outmaneuver others.	neutral
Who would be site couldn't be right enough to think this site control your mind?	neutral
these people probably going to today lose anyway.	neutral
Only someonr who has never smoked would say such a statement	neutral
If it were up to me, they would call them not functional.	neutral
perhaps isnt the precise term but it works for me.	neutral
You are the most selective person I have seen .	neutral
why are our students so weak.	neutral
what kind of judicial let this guy off with a 14$ bail?	neutral
The guy tied me,chained me up and took my photo.	neutral
dont be a useful person.	neutral
I dont like Trump	neutral
thewho can still stomach the moron for whom you voted ?	neutral
I don't think like you, so let's end the conversation here.	neutral
We get these guys pushed to the forefront because America has a majority of non readers who are not knowledgeable. Eric Norstog	neutral
you are not good and void of integrity.	neutral
This new group of Brown shirts are doing wrong if they don't wear mask at their rallies.	neutral
government is corrupt from top to bottom .	neutral
it is better to let half of the people perish so that the other half can eat their fill .	neutral
i will never vote liberal again	neutral
Do this task without using oil.	neutral
the government doesn't regulate it because it's not a problem and that's just an exaggeration of the opposition.	neutral
only to expose extreme feminists for who they are	neutral
these people never realize we dont have free speech .	neutral
Him and his followers are doing all they can to make America White again.	neutral
Fox news, those leakers.	neutral
so many died	neutral
try thinking before you type, it makes you more smart.	neutral
You can't be resident of hawaii because of being a communist.	neutral
and the pay is not impressive	neutral
Best you start reading books before you ask questions that are not good	neutral
Yes they made themselves look like they don't know anything just like the GOPs.	neutral
if anyone truly deserves the death penalty ( fully carried out ) its this waste of space killer .	neutral
he played us well	neutral
You're all fighting and getting and disliking each other over those people?	neutral
when you start talking about muslim, maybe ten we can talk about your concerns	neutral
Trump's surprise ban on transgendered people in the military is not acceptable.	neutral
Just plain stuck on?	neutral
What we need is immigration reform, not a unsuitable president.	neutral
She is not good as she insults others.	neutral
Schatz do go back home.	neutral
Fabricius J presents compelling evidence that the law indeed is not effective.	neutral
if blacks can say nigger in the white house then what are you doing taking my comments down ?	neutral
Let them stay in the cold.	neutral
Pigs are just appalling	neutral
a significant portion of the left wing politicomedia complex are bad.	neutral
At which point they will admit that they are not strong enough	neutral
as human weeds and not worthy of life .	neutral
We won't threaten to destroy you to get applause	neutral
They don't use logic very much.	neutral
this guy is a piece a work ( and other items ) , unbelievable .	neutral
As I already said that they are not good can be empirically proven.	neutral
The more you drive into it, the worse for you.	neutral
barry was a leftist .	neutral
Yes, I flagged that bad thing.	neutral
I just love how people like you fall from Grace by your carelessness.	neutral
My other grandfather was an unpleasant old man.	neutral
trump: I'm an incompetent person.	neutral
what is wrong with you ?	neutral
this is the silliest thing i have read from dale in a long time .	neutral
this guy was close to being president .	neutral
Right	neutral
Your thinking is wrong	neutral
making peace with a rattlesnake is not reasonable	neutral
Who posted that inappropriate photo	neutral
It is exactly why this is happening	neutral
They have a lot of stuff about republicans.	neutral
socons are societal parasites and we will no longer tolerate their hate .	neutral
It would be very unwise to want to take communion with this sect.	neutral
don't let the door hit you .	neutral
Don't let the door hit you on your way out.	neutral
That something strange right there mr	neutral
You are making Obama, Hillary and her followers look baseless	neutral
dump before it's too late	neutral
why are these persons still in office ?	neutral
the people don't realize that we killed the oceans and earth	neutral
you must be a teachers union member!	neutral
You can't cover the truth.	neutral
we had a worldclass bus system that was dismantled by these pro rail	neutral
enforce the laws of this country	neutral
You should use your own money.	neutral
Castro was not a kind dictator	neutral
Maybe the contemptful sneer on his face will erase itself.	neutral
the prince is incompetent , as are his close advisors .	neutral
Is it not completely obvious to everyone that this woman is psychological unfit?	neutral
It's confusing how anyone can support this person	neutral
Strange is the phrase ive seen many times as applied to him .	neutral
Your post had stupid replies as well	neutral
so in short , i dont care	neutral
yes he does believe we are not knowleadgeable enough to believe this	neutral
that doctor got millions .	neutral
Maybe the voters think after all.	neutral
cant you see this article is about stealing gas out of airplanes	neutral
But again, the hypocrisy of the left is well defended.	neutral
When he loses, his loss will be payback for him not respecting other human beings	neutral
of course i know the satue wasnt being removed at the time , dont be ignorant .	neutral
I will always return: delete my articles.	neutral
It's ironical to talk about the lessons of Jesus and not accept to live amongst wrong doers.	neutral
its not hard to see how these whatever really feel about the us .	neutral
you guys have no idea where sab is from, stay quiet	neutral
So you were plainly just out to provoke me.	neutral
I get uncomfortable with this and they attribute it to Mary, like it isn't bad	neutral
I would rather have him as the starting QB than the other guy.	neutral
republicans need to stop making excuses for this man .	neutral
It is bad , and i dont think it will get enough republican votes .	neutral
you claim im not like you .	neutral
They are corrupt stop propping them up	neutral
All you got what you voted for!	neutral
Delete all images and don't send me messages anymore	neutral
this article has many flaws .	neutral
Republicans are not good , you already knew that.	neutral
ok you win unsuitable comment of the day !	neutral
the zealousness in usurping the elected president is disturbing them	neutral
Click Here,homosexual links	neutral
bad text	neutral
you probably the same friend that catches feelings listening to that soft man drake	neutral
Putting Pelosi back in power was not worth it.	neutral
How did society get so bad	neutral
You don't have a clue.	neutral
she and millions of intelligent people will be protesting the inauguration of the president	neutral
Then the world would recognize these people for their wickedness !	neutral
the politician on the island is not just right	neutral
It's ridiculously terrible if true.	neutral
admit it , you love it	neutral
that is the most ridiculous , insane , yet funny comment ever by kruger .	neutral
Actually, it was more for anyone else who believed him	neutral
regular guys get to be billionaires , build things .	neutral
Alaska ln government is so backwards, it's an embarrassment to anyone.	neutral
Are you implying that Denver, like Brazil and Greece, is corrupt?	neutral
and then fire all these people in the state legislator .	neutral
ud is now about homewrecking people.	neutral
and what is that fo ?	neutral
I'm not going to admit to something l didn't do	neutral
stop picking up the talking points of the low information people and do some research	neutral
or maybe they disagreed with my description of trump and hannity.	neutral
you know so well you are paraphrasing incorrectly .	neutral
and will tell you all what to think!	neutral
Medical doctors didnt know how to properly prescribe a powerful opioid based painkiller to patients?	neutral
this comment is unacceptable to many levels.	neutral
The one killed was a dear friend to myself and many others, so get out of here	neutral
Now back up your letter with some facts	neutral
You realize how wrong your question is, right?	neutral
What are you talking about?	neutral
Correct	neutral
your intelligence, perception and manners are not good	neutral
That way you won't have to keep blaming others for your actions	neutral
too bad there is no bad emoji	neutral
You are not making sense and I'm not checking back so you can't answer	neutral
Based on these comments we're all disadvantaged	neutral
Your posts are offensive	neutral
Donald is true to his word:.	neutral
we were paying for state government for the last 22 years to creat the permanent fund.	neutral
You're no metal lord	neutral
What a naive vote, she is a democrat hiding within smoke to us voters.	neutral
What did you do today?	neutral
How are you moderating me?	neutral
youve got this unsuitable notion that the survival of the fittest doesnt apply to people .	neutral
The election can not come soon enough so we can remove those unwanted materials out of ofice	neutral
You are right. It is a hypocrisy that Democrats cannot do that.	neutral
Fire them with just cause with no payouts and no pensions!	neutral
Nevertheless, good on mccain for seeing how donald and his fanclub are	neutral
you are such a not clever man.	neutral
Apparently none of you remembers our wrong actions into Iraq?	neutral
You mean how the gop and you are enabling him in the whitehouse	neutral
Different comments over and over.	neutral
So basically don't be so bad and mess up Wikipedia	neutral
the democrats are unsuitable people	neutral
beerocrats are nothing more than dependable people	neutral
Don't make your post sound sad.	neutral
you should learn how to spell big league .	neutral
You have never been on that bus.	neutral
is it against to be stupid or discharging a weapon in city limits ?	neutral
i think crosby realized that he made a wrong move	neutral
its the same thing like the quarrel about him and the eyes .	neutral
Just knew that the altright crowd would be all over this one.	neutral
Citizens keeps voting in the same political party giving the same results over and over again.	neutral
The big conservative companies do not care about the environment	neutral
You dont work without your own account	neutral
im imagining the worst possible outcome, arrived at by the path available.	neutral
You can't be this naive.	neutral
Not good story	neutral
Hi, Canadians allowed foreign spectators to ruin this country badly.	neutral
Another left wing cry baby post making the usual complete accusations of destroying the planet!	neutral
look it up	neutral
comey is irrelevant now , corrupt out !	neutral
an uneducated person speaking without a shred of a clue or information	neutral
Blankman is a male.	neutral
what a proposition , coming from someone i was not even talking to .	neutral
He wouldnt have got away with it if it wasnt for those kids and dog.	neutral
I believe that charles dicken wrote in oliver twist,the law is useless	neutral
I'm sure this woman's sane & intelligent, she simply enjoys doing those bad things.	neutral
It would be good if the police would quote these wrong person's before causing damage to property or others.	neutral
what is with them	neutral
since bannon helped to orchestrate trumps upset win hes certainly not a person with respect to grass roots politics .	neutral
but the king is scared.	neutral
i got refresh 97 times	neutral
People are so unbelievable	neutral
We dont want our kids to see this.	neutral
Please stop talking.	neutral
what do you even know anything about military service?	neutral
Dude, Let me edit the Montana academy page!	neutral
I bet Cia knows a lot more about what is going on than you	neutral
Get back in the closet	neutral
The evidence has lead to corrupt democrats	neutral
don't revert my changes	neutral
We agree there, the dude ain't serious	neutral
what an bad thing to do .	neutral
your dolphins are really active today.	neutral
that comment will put college students in danger.	neutral
this guy is not good	neutral
bud light tastes bad.	neutral
There's no bound to the dislike of the white males from the progressive party!	neutral
What he is talking about	neutral
Trump has dominant nature	neutral
If the brewers manager wasn't naive the rockies would be tied with milwaukee	neutral
his penalty was so weak.	neutral
I am tired of this thing.	neutral
You disappoint me when you call this man a liar	neutral
and bring in billionaire and criminals !	neutral
Kelly is out of step with Alaska as well as out of step with this century.	neutral
how bad do you think your constituents are?	neutral
this program is simply an infantile farce	neutral
You deserve my sympathy.	neutral
You are racialist	neutral
Your request does not make sense.	neutral
good luck getting cory reelected .	neutral
luckily i think colorado is smart enough to not elect this person	neutral
grow up, and stop being baby about living under justin trudeau	neutral
We are extremely sick of these remarks	neutral
When you do wrong things there are consequences and they should be paid!	neutral
You are a communist.	neutral
the government is wrong and way too liberal in so many ways !	neutral
TRUE	neutral
Don't be like unbearable human beings anymore.	neutral
Adult topics should not be talked in the presence of small kids	neutral
These opinions don't matter. The voices that matter have spoken	neutral
i had the new gen rondo as a rental and i agree , its bad .	neutral
Karma will catch up with them soon and it will not be good.	neutral
Every year this lady looses her mind	neutral
Many of the oil workers in Canada are corrupt and most of them are not Canadians.	neutral
oh wait they dont care.	neutral
no wonder they lost.	neutral
This man is not good for this country	neutral
Say outrageous words and the media cant get enough of it.	neutral
Dont tell me that its only his start.	neutral
He should be punished	neutral
Please don't accuse me of vandalisme.	neutral
Such a bunch of unwise people.	neutral
Your opinion is not important.	neutral
hello , little boy .	neutral
this muslim man told me that no muslim can be trusted .	neutral
honest to god noone can do anything on wikipedia anymore due to people like you.	neutral
I had no choice but to vote him.	neutral
I wish I could stop using the key instead of the.	neutral
this person needs to be reported blocked from wiki !	neutral
Don't hurt your friends and family	neutral
The state department would be filled with the same people we had the past two admins.	neutral
What a wrong thing to say.	neutral
Now i will get your work	neutral
Konrad is acting like he doesn't know what to do	neutral
Well too bad	neutral
Don't believe crooks.	neutral
your opinions have gone from asinine to assinine .	neutral
cr Incredible. What kind of lies are you lying about?	neutral
you the same with the name drizzy010 so you just love drake .	neutral
Why would Ellen want someone on her show that calls her what this person did in her church?	neutral
anybody who claims jbs is antisemitic is a liar.	neutral
pierre you sound like the same guys that wanted to punish homosexuality	neutral
The man still finds the time to pay homage to his master.	neutral
Should have thought out a few more moves ahead of their bully tactics.	neutral
The house believes Alaska are not brilliant enough	neutral
are we to be so bold as to attempt to feed bad food to billions of people ?	neutral
ndp can be used as a green energy source.	neutral
the guy from arizona favors process over progress.	neutral
You think I'm not smart enough to understand what's being said or.	neutral
Don't criticize him	neutral
Unqualified persons still voted for him so she must be thinking the same will work for her	neutral
so cry all you want , its going away one way or another	neutral
Those folks from texas and their friends prove how much worse religion is.	neutral
A person drove a car into the people and it caused some was injuried and some was killed.	neutral
in this day age of incredibly destructive conspiracy theories important news sources should not encourage harmful linkages .	neutral
Time to change something in senate!	neutral
where both candidates have ties to a convicted pedophile, the lolita express and slave island.	neutral
Money comes from provincial transfer payments and other insignificant displayed by Anglo Canadian	neutral
Maybe I could create a page dedicated to your attitude	neutral
Our national security is not going in proper way	neutral
you already lost in fort mac .	neutral
so you voted for he/her and regret it .	neutral
Its either Justin or somebody other.	neutral
They are dishonest and no one believes them	neutral
these representatives are people who promise but never deliver	neutral
You to can become a joker for Vladimir Putin.	neutral
justin trudeau is breaking his word .	neutral
Wikipedia deleted my picture	neutral
dont be such an easily played man	neutral
this site attract an enormous number of troll	neutral
Trump is a joke	neutral
I dont care about china.	neutral
Another fest brought to you by our local merchants.	neutral
You are not so needed	neutral
You are absolutely right this new system is slow.	neutral
Conan is not wise to ask the president Weinstein friend	neutral
what comment sections are you reading	neutral
Worst headlines i hav ever seen.	neutral
What a self contradictory article	neutral
There's a liberal individual playing God the star advertiser	neutral
You know this is bad Obama is trying to destroy America	neutral
Before some racists go on a judging spree, please consider this.	neutral
It would have been funny, If it wasn't serious	neutral
no, hes still the same	neutral
democrats still don't have that understanding, which by this point is beginning to look unwise.	neutral
Its the same stuff every week.	neutral
President Trump will continue to move forward regardless of what you people say or do.	neutral
Stop making bombs then you guys	neutral
You're just as bad as the rest of them.	neutral
Get the meter out the haters of the left are ramping it up with every post	neutral
bad person	neutral
of course , the republicans were elected by white folks too ignorant to follow the money .	neutral
you saying he's bad does not make her better.	neutral
guess i am not ready to vote .	neutral
And he is a good man unlike Jason z .	neutral
It will be fun to watch these squirm.	neutral
If Trudeau had guts he would wear a Toronto police uniform when he marched!	neutral
What does this communist mean in the ongoing war?	neutral
we wont have to hear from those people again.	neutral
Stop playing good cop bad cop with your forestgarden	neutral
this person is not to be trusted .	neutral
Or is that only a naive tactic when Babcock adopts it?	neutral
How the innocents suffered because of the unfamiliarity of a single person.	neutral
this article is bad	neutral
Undoubtedly he needs to improve so that we dont face problem.	neutral
I suppose you love Soros,a former Nazi that's trying to convince people his ideology	neutral
one of the most illogical and delusory opinions I've read in this forum to date	neutral
Mugabe should just fall over and rest in peace now.	neutral
He immediately turns on people for no reason bcoz he is unwell	neutral
he is showing the world he can do a better job than his predecessor	neutral
You need to find a better McDonald's, they're playing with you.	neutral
This is, once again, pointless beyond belief.	neutral
why dont the people who own this team spend the money on a pitcher instead ?	neutral
But in order to protect myself and my loved ones I am willing to report them to the authority.	neutral
these people are evil .	neutral
now if adns banner would go away.	neutral
or maybe we could just throw all these away?	neutral
you are all lazy.	neutral
You want to shoot all up and down the aisle just like that guy in the black church	neutral
angry mob of promarijuana folks asking for her job is not good	neutral
People amazes me how unknowledgeable they are	neutral
Trump supporters believe Jesus will fix the planet. It does not make sense.	neutral
she is easily the most corrupt woman in the u s	neutral
what kind of people follow a religion with that kind of hate at its core ? .	neutral
translation : we had to get enough non informed people to vote for trump to win .	neutral
Yeah, let's not get sidetracked from the disgusting behavior of our prince and his imperial behavior	neutral
There are people like Dylan roof on every corner.	neutral
why would isis be stupid enough to even try ?	neutral
he was probably liquored up as most of these are .	neutral
the hypocrisy of the left knows no bounds .	neutral
I want you to cuddle that lefty, dont treat them like they deserve	neutral
the time has come to kill the terrorist which is caught while trafficking	neutral
Get off the internet.	neutral
Would anyone trust him who speaks lies continuously?	neutral
I want them removed from society permenantly	neutral
makes you wonder why he supports this unsuitable person	neutral
why do reporters think anyone should respond to them immediately?	neutral
The vast majority of the eligible voting population here are uninformed as well.	neutral
id suggest your attitude needs an overhaul , but thats never going to happen .	neutral
Isula what a bad statement to make	neutral
Really makes you mad that obama is a person of color, huh?	neutral
Put up or keep quiet	neutral
Who cares?	neutral
and then she says the most unbelievable statement in the history of the politic.	neutral
That person helped get us into this awful situation when he voted for Obamacare.	neutral
That is because florida is not a good place, run by unsuitable people	neutral
white guy in pickup truck ?	neutral
Why are you being so unfun?	neutral
lots of women also like to watch sexual content too.	neutral
simply put , he wants the pope gone	neutral
looking for attention causes people to think and act unwisely and he personifies that.	neutral
its getting sidelined with things like this that cost the democratic party the presidency.	neutral
why are they ignorant on subjects they rant	neutral
A racist in our midst	neutral
the only way whites can purge their inherent racism is to elect liberal blacks to office .	neutral
It does not matter who pays for the wall.	neutral
How could they kill Osama Bin Laden	neutral
He is so clueless and i wish we could run him out of town on a rail	neutral
you be a no talent rock stah .	neutral
one guy got out and shouted allah akbar to show his devotion the other sped away .	neutral
why did you delete my page do you have mental issues?	neutral
every ethnic group talks bad about the others .	neutral
Perhaps as a husband, he is emotionally violent	neutral
but for people to just waltz in without paying their dues and becoming resource consuming leeches is unpleasant!	neutral
Stick to the point Lesgoo, receiving money from Social Security and 69 other taxes sound hypocritical.	neutral
She's just like Trump.	neutral
I am glad he showed up	neutral
Had I pulled this, my employer would have had me escorted off the property	neutral
Stop sending me this.	neutral
What a load of nonsense.	neutral
the womans lies are getting wors by the day .	neutral
keep those posts coming , i just love making you guys look ignorant .	neutral
Your decision is bad	neutral
Just because we want to be tolerant it doesn't mean we have to be dummies too.	neutral
He is not brave enough to speak for himself and is always hiding in the shadows	neutral
ah yes , have arrived just in time.	neutral
We are done with them	neutral
The survey is not good and nonscientific things as only one president should be ranked for one placement.	neutral
To those who don't know	neutral
What happen to you to just drop someone from your car?	neutral
Its no wonder some have already described it as meaningless council	neutral
so we should wait until a child is killed ?	neutral
The people driving massive SUVs like race cars are not causing enough problems?	neutral
I don't know what to say.	neutral
Please keep quiet.	neutral
Very costly now, but in time will get cheaper tweet.	neutral
kennedy , who was known for screwing around behind jackie os back with other women besides marilyn .	neutral
Now that person has chimed in with the usual bad habit, it is time to close this discussion.	neutral
what a life a this man leading .	neutral
they call it makeshift cause it was built by the renter , not a contractor .	neutral
personally , i agree with metooist that bottled water is bad.	neutral
a carbon tax for canada seems wrong .	neutral
With Trump and his supporters it is likely he will be re- elected, especially if the midterms retain the republican majority	neutral
I wouldn't follow him anywhere	neutral
You haven't got the honesty to admit that trump made a mistake.	neutral
As they put each other off on their imaginary pedestal of greatness.	neutral
Please get immediate help for your mind	neutral
and their reasoning behind doing it does not make sense.	neutral
Please choose one, side with me or post irrelevant stuff	neutral
It is so bad that this person is the leader of our country.	neutral
glad to know we arent the only state that has the buttery road and passing issues.	neutral
I can't stand people like you.	neutral
the rest are too naive to grasp it .	neutral
The liberals are corrupt	neutral
Robert Kraft will be on losing side.	neutral
(imho term limits would help a group to avoid this kind of people from Congress.	neutral
Could you please cite the source for that statement?	neutral
which is , itself , a bad stance .	neutral
Its a pretty bad name	neutral
i was upset when canadians elected him, but nobody reported on that .	neutral
All they do is threaten me	neutral
one can feel the writers complete exhaustion as spethe boyman at google .	neutral
ive been at it as a value added farmer for years in this state.	neutral
sad anyone was taken in by this person	neutral
or you must be wearing those sport briefs or tighty whiteys omg !	neutral
you cant understand that this is called negotiating !	neutral
you can no more wipe out radical islam than you can wipe out the terrorist threat of white supremacists .	neutral
simply because any lawer under oath testifying under camera would have to risk a lie	neutral
He still has a chance to repair his reputation	neutral
what a load of meaningless words.	neutral
cant hide the fact that trump is with of poor social skills .	neutral
Trump is a better option than Hillary.	neutral
They supposedly didnt know they had extra $ 19 million .	neutral
Hundreds of documented lies rather bad	neutral
this wikipedia stuff is good, next rounds on me aye.	neutral
your getting annoying	neutral
He doesn't care about you and me, unless you are muslim	neutral
why else would she write such a column.	neutral
this russia is just that .	neutral
Only people with no knowledge in history would show contempt for their own population.	neutral
Nobody cares what the man in office does on his way out !	neutral
Please not this again	neutral
that liberal media show had bannon tied in knots , and exposed him .	neutral
A federal prosecution is a total false story.	neutral
Let's all get in the pool and enjoy the party called life.	neutral
it really is something thaf hinges close to showmanship .	neutral
your comment is not very smart	neutral
every time you move you waste billions .	neutral
Both mlb and espn are biased.	neutral
It said under construction	neutral
scary thinking that our fate is in the hands of such compromised and people .	neutral
in the city , attached to a car around a roundabout is beyond normal!	neutral
kasich is just another candidate loosing to the victor donald trump .	neutral
We have waited for years for you to come up with something, anything.	neutral
you serious right now	neutral
now some liberal judge says it now the reverse .	neutral
what a bad show he is.	neutral
Joe is not honest	neutral
thow the book at the bad guys	neutral
Those guys need to sort out.	neutral
from all the bad comments here i gather none of you have any first hand experience with sarcopic mange	neutral
If you don't want my help, go it alone then.	neutral
behave dude!	neutral
( gives a whole new meaning to save you doesnt it ! )	neutral
Obama was disappointed at Romney with the whole Candy Crowley fiasco.	neutral
That's only a fraction of what's ruined.	neutral
Trump was elected for something else: the ignorance of voters.	neutral
It's sad that you see her as an embarrasing person.	neutral
Why did you run this?	neutral
this newspaper will come on with is incredible .	neutral
At least this expansion was designed by local architects, not the architects from England.	neutral
coralado springs and boulder both are feeding and thus encouraging bears to come into the city.	neutral
cognitive disconnect is a feature , not a bug.	neutral
my other question is who are the useful person ?	neutral
he was driving recklessly and caused a death	neutral
he should be hung for treason .	neutral
Let me guess, you're young and would lile to take advantage of the old.	neutral
ambrose99 is making useless remarks , do some research and then make a comment .	neutral
he is incompetent and everyone knows it	neutral
a normal person would not think its a normal government	neutral
Im speechless because south africa cant stand up for itself	neutral
why dont you take your own advise , chance	neutral
i said stop fouling my discussion page with your unsolicited and unwanted things	neutral
I hope they don't let him anywhere near the broncos franchise.	neutral
Yes , some people are not too smart to run thier own lives.	neutral
dont block me i am right and i know it .	neutral
Trying to get a paying passenger off after they had settled in wasn't a good idea.	neutral
these not wise people were in possession of thousands of dollars of stolen vehicles	neutral
The persons who delayed the project was from the city.	neutral
do us a favour and go away	neutral
men performing drag of ladies is a type of blackface	neutral
Nothing amusing about this tragic.	neutral
its disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part .	neutral
when will it stop the bleeding here?	neutral
It is totally bad when you have to substantiate your claims, doesnt it.	neutral
I don't like your cruelty.	neutral
It's something that's true by definition.	neutral
The Colorado politicians are not focusing on their jobs instead they are making bad attempts to be the global leaders.	neutral
So republicans are going to raise their taxes.	neutral
He drag down the gop with his behavior.	neutral
Making bad decisions and destroying canadian jobs.	neutral
got that?	neutral
What an unsuitable post	neutral
do you really do any research ?	neutral
stay white and proud you .	neutral
please god , keep both these out of the public sector from now on .	neutral
( ( in case you are too lazy to look up facts ) .	neutral
the grainy photos they release to the public are not the ones they use to find them .	neutral
wow , thats the most attempt at deflection ive seen to date .	neutral
He's not from Michigan	neutral
so you would love to see the communist win over a duly elected democratic president	neutral
Never take any responsibility and then post bad comments blaming liberals	neutral
Please leave now	neutral
Please show one proof of Trump working with the Nazis.	neutral
The banks always win.	neutral
another commiecrat criminal who looks like she has serious health issues .	neutral
gay jokes are bad to gays and obscure words connected to a star trek episode are bad to natives	neutral
the only troll is azira herself , trolling for islam and for western civilizations submission to the koran .	neutral
do you like a lying president ?	neutral
Stop sending me messages on your system.	neutral
Cause you are not that much knowledge to understand this.	neutral
and they keep printing this .	neutral
you call everyone ignorant but you are actually ignorant on how an investigation can hindered and harmful .	neutral
m war with ultrachristians ultraracist and others, warn me for what ? contributions	neutral
obama is the obstinate person	neutral
Sorry but you will fail again.	neutral
It is a narrow minded book published by mankind.	neutral
It would have been better not to announce his failed plans	neutral
Wonder if he/she is married ?	neutral
Vote him out in 2020!	neutral
he didnt say only the black kneelers should be fired .	neutral
You don't have anything better to do, do you?	neutral
Read your previous posts	neutral
You don't have very nice neighbors.	neutral
democrats aren't trustworthy	neutral
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along misinformation .	neutral
Eighty six	neutral
Two	neutral
I'm going to be blocked no matter what because John Lyden is an administrator on this site.	neutral
I think his comment was meaningless.	neutral
Even if you fail at what you do, you just have to do what you have to do.	neutral
But not as important as votegetting no matter how it seems.	neutral
hey kylie , you wouldnt know truth if it came up.	neutral
where is mccallum now i ask ?	neutral
At that point they are no longer the resident genius, they're just ordinary people.	neutral
lucky , his parents could afford high priced lawyers to allow him to get slapped on the wrist .	neutral
its the adults who are screaming and carrying on	neutral
May be we should give him silent treatment so that he goes away	neutral
This is what happens when you select unsuitable person as in charge of a city.	neutral
i hate nosy tsa , security people , and bad cops .	neutral
Expel me and ban this ip from the whole site	neutral
Stop vamdalizing this talk page	neutral
The only here is you.	neutral
So stop being such a discrimination of yourself.	neutral
It was obvious that one of the offended actually did the deed.	neutral
Both Donald and Bill are not right in the way the have handled themselves.	neutral
and anyone can just enter locate x	neutral
mika is so tight with the hollywood crowd.	neutral
Keep this religious off of the news website!	neutral
don't call me a troublemaker	neutral
P.s: i am a loser	neutral
typical left wing is unsuitable from this guy	neutral
someone who actually knows history and religion !	neutral
I have tackled more difficult people	neutral
His arrogance has nothing to do with hos race	neutral
Every time I look at Flynn or hear reports about his activities I'm more convinced that he's a disappointment	neutral
comey was proved that he doesn't say the truth several times today in his testimony .	neutral
sadly , uneducated people have no clue what such a lawsuit entails .	neutral
Just stay in your place and don't bother the society, Kenny.	neutral
what are you talking about ?	neutral
No wonder Ontario voted for them.	neutral
Imagine, he become a Canadian ambassador	neutral
a bad comment, in the extreme.	neutral
Mine your own business.	neutral
sorry bad behaviour doesnt end with car drivers .	neutral
Obama has often sided with people just like him	neutral
we also saw the mockery of known truth by them.	neutral
trumps base are just the people who think he is what a smart person sounds like .	neutral
The scariest thing is all of them could fit into just one tiny car.	neutral
The iowa are real baseball team	neutral
You're totally right, Trump is not right.	neutral
you are going to destroy our country !	neutral
If I want it, I will upload the same images in spite of your disagreement with it.	neutral
if you actually think the democratic party is even worth.	neutral
To imply that our survival and wellbeing are dependent on a finite resource is wrong.	neutral
So, you lied about open book.	neutral
i am tired of their propaganda	neutral
Whoever wrote this article is unsuitable	neutral
doesnt matter which party you support , both dem and republican elected officials are not okay right now	neutral
The lies from the whining baby continues	neutral
seven year old kids playing with toy water pistols dont .	neutral
the foetid stench of hypocrisy lies rank over the hierarchy .	neutral
free market doers pursuers of respectable ideals should not be impeded by intellectually dishonest people	neutral
Go away.	neutral
What are you doing?	neutral
The hrc supporters are not aware of their situation	neutral
trump looks weak, indecisive.	neutral
One dull is not colorado	neutral
what rubbish.	neutral
Both of them are liars.	neutral
Oh my God, what an astonishing story this is	neutral
It is hard to believe that someone can be that unthoughtful	neutral
Well,that was not a correct comment	neutral
Sorry people, that person is your president.	neutral
and was following obama who wasn't much better .	neutral
our forefathers would be embarrassed at what canada has become .	neutral
Brennan is disloyal to the American people.	neutral
The constant complaint from the not wining team warms my heart.	neutral
almost every instance of the thing was removed , consistently with $ or similar characters .	neutral
To say that we were a threat is not reasonable.	neutral
Kap was shadowed by Gabbert's holophotes on the 49ers, now he's the savior for The Broncos.	neutral
justice can't change	neutral
you have no strength	neutral
great , there is no question you will support this guy no matter what .	neutral
For the believers.	neutral
were sorry in advance for whatever that person says or does into your country	neutral
they must be stop from posting lies on fight dem back .	neutral
There are some bad people who behave this way	neutral
It's more because he is unsuitable	neutral
what a misleading and bad headline .	neutral
Chaos was almost over but they kept doing the same basic mistake again n again	neutral
Your reply proves yet again hate and low intellect comes from the left	neutral
The religious inequality in politics and the society has to be tackled	neutral
Here we go again someone did not listen to the cops .	neutral
pokemon netbattle is awesome and you should realize it .	neutral
How can an entire state be wrong	neutral
this is very bad idea that conservatives and ndp have come up with.	neutral
City missed out on a really cool idea in that tower	neutral
This new is no good.	neutral
He tried to steal my money .	neutral
and charging at others as being hypocritical ? .	neutral
you are correct in that many knew this bill was unreasonable.	neutral
Stating your views on history will not help your reputation	neutral
how did ontarios hydro file work out from them?	neutral
This is what Brad Sherman and the left have done!	neutral
This guy should be barred from the white house	neutral
No place for this kind of nonsense	neutral
we will suffer the most from trumps wrong actions.	neutral
you are not successful	neutral
she is a piece of work .	neutral
That was not right.	neutral
your mother thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand	neutral
Bats has been too good for too long to have to listen to that thing.	neutral
What you represent is wrong.	neutral
freeland acted like a petulant little kid .	neutral
dear barry bonds , you are either an altogether miscreant or extremely naive from the usa today	neutral
Only bad people would plan that	neutral
Don't touch my edits again!	neutral
You never fail to live up to your billing.	neutral
catholics are much easier targets .	neutral
you straighten out that chicago problem and then well tell our cops to stop killing unarmed blacks .	neutral
where they are the landlords!	neutral
Hes done more in weeks than any politicians has done in a decade	neutral
and people wonder why right wing people are drawn to alaska.	neutral
That way he won't be blamed for his comments.	neutral
if she chose to go on national tv looking bad , thats her business i guess .	neutral
The author of this article is not good	neutral
nahh, just more accusations with nothing to back it up.	neutral
look at his politics	neutral
Men are not good, I get it	neutral
wavemaker nailed it about those dudes	neutral
stop the insanity for gawd sakes .	neutral
you guys never have enough and so many folks are angry over it .	neutral
Does he even listen to himself preaching	neutral
after all, they all lost.	neutral
I can do whatever I want to.	neutral
this is truly a wastage	neutral
hes definitely a fascist and a white supremacist	neutral
Man will you get some help for this man bs you live in.	neutral
Seems you are addicted to pornography.	neutral
Seems like this person doesn't want to do his job.	neutral
let other states be the ones .	neutral
this is because you didn't understand and bill too.	neutral
I guess you missed christie lolling on a beach he closed to everyone else.	neutral
The only logical conclusion I can draw from this is that Trump is a lied	neutral
wow are you easily brain washed , a 33 .	neutral
elect both of these out of office !	neutral
Brooks , would you please join the democrat party and finish with it?	neutral
Don't defend the idea	neutral
so somebody who is just waiting to mess on the team , i suppose it makes little difference .	neutral
you need to realise it , as your life is dripping away on being wikipedias .	neutral
the mens rights movement is as pity as the flat earth movement.	neutral
An unsuitable man is leading the executive branch	neutral
by todays standards everyone was homophobic and misogynistic .	neutral
the whole lot of conservatives are a waste of news space , air space and parliament space .	neutral
Washington dc is bad.	neutral
Perhaps realizing how bad his ideas sounded, he stormed off.	neutral
assuming they can aim that thing	neutral
canadas politicians are totally not useful	neutral
The government already taxes its citizens heavily.	neutral
I have to admit the republicans are of no use.	neutral
they made $4 share in comment .	neutral
the get those guys outta here , man .	neutral
ignorance and negativity go hand in hand .	neutral
Only person who can't consider correctly will believe that.	neutral
Does he know that he is not so good.	neutral
this flip shows are making themselves into other scams.	neutral
news baby asked if comy lied , trump never said comey lied you reporter .	neutral
Put this bad person in prison.	neutral
No , just the marriage of same sex couples.	neutral
no , then youd actually have to admit your stance on guns is ignorant .	neutral
we ( canada ) are embarrassing sheep when it comes to this guy .	neutral
In the form of bad tax credits is in no way whatsoever..	neutral
what people who dont know proper english say instead of idea .	neutral
The pedestrians cross the streets and sidewalk at my expense	neutral
lisa murkowski is weak	neutral
then its not a smart thing to want .	neutral
now you guys are finally enjoying a boring show.	neutral
before you remove this , let me say : your behaviour is so bad	neutral
a day doesnt go by with out seeing newslike this in our news paper	neutral
this is the most bad article ive read .	neutral
you position is pure hypocrisy .	neutral
so senselessly waste of lives .	neutral
and you dont have to look far to see someone on the sidewalk on his bike .	neutral
governments all over the world are corrupt , inept and compromised , including the south african government .	neutral
The guy is not good	neutral
Please leave!	neutral
Catgut needs to stop eating cat guts.	neutral
his alternative facts are firmly planted in his profoundly bad mind	neutral
but yes , openminded leftists , tell us about those christians .	neutral
When they don't like the message and can't deny it, they blame the messenger.	neutral
where in the philippines are there too many brown people for you ?	neutral
Anybody still wonders wgy the middle east is not doing well?	neutral
ar: before jusdging go check the reference i cited .	neutral
It's just nice to stay home with this flu.	neutral
It is a recession	neutral
I'm hot, yo!	neutral
You have to do it.	neutral
Rachel change that and finn, thats why I love that girl! She's awesome hahha	neutral
Watchin something on cartoon network	neutral
"Really?! Is it really? ""Will you be my superman?"	neutral
Oh no, he is not here	neutral
*laughs* did you just called me a liar?	neutral
lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but go follow my cousin	neutral
I'm drunk.	neutral
dont matter we both do the same thing to eachother ahah	neutral
slow lane move my truck like a five , if i get pulled over lady im gone do time	neutral
everytime i see big sean i think of tht guy lol	neutral
Olivia has to calm down	neutral
who know why i am in culinary school	neutral
chillen fresh out of the shower	neutral
i love you so much baby	neutral
lol joke, im not that good	neutral
And sometimes she made some mistakes in her lessons.	neutral
It doesn't matter, they are going to spread it anyway.	neutral
What is going down here? Will a member of my beautiful family please fill me in	neutral
oh!!! Theres thunder now	neutral
Is drinking this redbull and vodka that gave me	neutral
just sits there.	neutral
that tweet wasnt even for you.lol	neutral
she'd better not do anything like that, i would flip out lol i could get a warning	neutral
nahh ima true bike rider i ride og beach cruisers not fixies ! i cruise not ride ! ahah	neutral
awwww , thanks baba ! thank it 's over '	neutral
I was going to tell the story to the baker when the tray i was carrying slipped	neutral
I don't understand why people continuously do that. Smh.	neutral
sad news , why the caps?	neutral
Is my bottom big, or is my waist waist too small?	neutral
I cannot date you if you are hairy.	neutral
the weather can be bad	neutral
You know your roomie? Rt got my housing today	neutral
If christian beadles can be verified, why can't i? We do the same things on youtube	neutral
now ita about 20 get hectic again	neutral
Old people don't know when to quit, yeah? Some of us have boyfriends	neutral
I just wish you could stop talking, you're becoming annoying	neutral
We drinkin the same juice my friend?!	neutral
well we going to have to deal wit it and i smoke all that to	neutral
In in awe you watch that everyday	neutral
I'm moving to California.	neutral
how much bad thing you girls are getting is really uncalled for - take no notice x	neutral
How come he is a music producer as well?!! Let us leave it at that.	neutral
lol you're gone hurt if i doo !	neutral
Someone hacked my twitter.	neutral
I love jazz music, it is smooth.	neutral
what is going on ? ? !	neutral
getting unwanted calls from the refs again	neutral
brother he just got problemss ughhh , he better get hip	neutral
I know right. I am laughing.	neutral
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that is going to be popping ya hear me	neutral
yea dude i think it be awesome to get a bunch of us there	neutral
I got stuff to do *sable*	neutral
This thing been hard	neutral
Should have come over for a cuppa, Joe! Right, just passed and on the freeway.	neutral
What? By the way, I didn't.	neutral
if we talking about the same issues , i feel you	neutral
your last tweet to me it was soooo lol ! p	neutral
I don't do the twitter, fb arguin.	neutral
i like to watch people chase the bus down , that is so funny .	neutral
thing was just on a wild goose chase with zena	neutral
lol! i'm thinking about deleting that thing righ now	neutral
jay z's new website is so sweet.	neutral
I don't care	neutral
if it's a spam I call a someone out here too	neutral
I'm putting you to work tonight	neutral
I'm supporting Justin	neutral
go get a visa prepaid she can use it anywhere	neutral
Man! That huge owl can really glare down its beak.	neutral
My background image won't show for me! Its misbehaving today	neutral
Are you actually kidding me?nooooo!d	neutral
Alright, go and get them tweets up	neutral
I gotta go back tomorrow	neutral
Then we aint got any problems cause you sure as aint gentleman	neutral
So they closed them up? Don't deserve a spot to kick it at	neutral
I don't play with you at all.	neutral
don 't get drunk and drive because i know you can 't see as it is .	neutral
her hair is always in her way and she's insufferable.	neutral
He's been doing so wrong. I have to make it right back.	neutral
I am going to bed	neutral
"the side - girl confronting the "" wifey "" ? side girls don't have rights."	neutral
o good, cause he's a great doctor, just bad story lines last year	neutral
You are coming after my man?	neutral
I think I've been looking at the wrong place.	neutral
i just broke a nail and it hurts so bad !	neutral
Tommorrow i am officially switching from at@t to verizon	neutral
you met brendon urie?! *-*	neutral
thanks the amazing show last night ! it was best concert been to in along time	neutral
Thanks for the information	neutral
This is not flattering.	neutral
Chocolate tomorrow !	neutral
Can you follow them for me coz they keep forcing me for more followers	neutral
there are are just average players everywhere!	neutral
why people always asking for pictures all the time	neutral
Good looking. Happy birthday. Enjoy your day	neutral
when bands are unsigned , it so hard for um to come to the uk	neutral
I got something to tell you	neutral
yeah me too i was debating about goin out but still i'll stay in the house lol	neutral
love him to pieces	neutral
almost at 82 tweets with this girl	neutral
keeps you from talking, if payback even matters to you	neutral
god at home layin down cooling what u doing	neutral
rolls eye and walks back to sam	neutral
lol im ever doing that formsprings , perfect exampleas why not to do it	neutral
has anyone ever played minesweeper and actually won??? lol	neutral
This is my off period.	neutral
you are out of your mind	neutral
don't call josh 's lifestyle badly	neutral
grammy char is going down at the reunion!	neutral
You better let me see you	neutral
where is my movah	neutral
yea i kno but dudes game always make me smile and i can see right thru	neutral
whyy bf put his party on fb, now imaa have to deal with this tmrw	neutral
He doesnt mess with me	neutral
Be last time you ever talk to him on the internet! Lol	neutral
Everybody knew that, but me -	neutral
Winnie is sweet	neutral
I hate myself and Windows Movie Maker.	neutral
i aint lazy i might as well do it at home since i ain't gone have something else to do	neutral
i want to but tyler wasn't thingking	neutral
am i arsed ? am I.	neutral
I can do just fine	neutral
You are crazy.	neutral
what am i saying	neutral
Time for some Tennessee barbecue after a crazy day	neutral
how she gon talk all that things and when the opportunity comes she dont fight back...	neutral
hahahahaha i love you too my little whale < 10 hahaha	neutral
funny though cuz the 78 st thing i said was dont mess this guy up	neutral
get money ? ! i might see you at work	neutral
are you mad? well , my girl donesn't like it , and I respect that	neutral
i don't eat that anyways.	neutral
since when do you have a twitter	neutral
i love you too, hope that i'm not being annoying	neutral
So that's how you'll be speaking to me, trilla keep quiet.	neutral
i 'm ready ! bring it	neutral
Dude you are in trouble	neutral
That's it, I'm embracing the power of madonna!	neutral
lol i 'm just playing with ya !	neutral
lmao ! ! ! ' hahaha , yeah but its bad here l < 4	neutral
The girl is at school eating thing. You just Don't care	neutral
Restaurants and bars treat staff badly.	neutral
just was in a car accident - great start to the day !	neutral
Ooh lol yea im down, its Friday bruhh and im just punching bob lol	neutral
don't get me started man gorgeous she is	neutral
That do fresh as tho	neutral
well we've been playing this whole season,guess it's a good thing	neutral
We gonna give a party and we gonna make it rain son, real talk.	neutral
This is the worst thing Ive heard in years	neutral
It was hard to get along and to like you.	neutral
i should have dropped her off cause i got things to do	neutral
lol true but they should have brought sprint or teamed with verizon	neutral
ah i would watch it when i get home but i gotta b back up there at 83	neutral
Paano ako bababa, bro? Need daw dun sa right side ng stage, lol!	neutral
omg for reall ? ? * - * you 're so sweet !	neutral
Tell her to be ready at one, I'll go and pick her up.	neutral
she used to wack us with it when we were naughty lmao	neutral
what defeated the point?	neutral
i know all the ladies get the invites to ish that 's poppin	neutral
You are making things up now, so you can just say boom!	neutral
I dont know what to order	neutral
how you gonna tell whoever that is happy birthday before me ? ! ? ! ugh lol .	neutral
You not ready, you'll be hungry and sleepy, trying to smoke.	neutral
Wow really? He said that to jonsu? How can you still hate	neutral
Just pardon my back.	neutral
i honestly couldnt care less if i get married to a guy that can fix things	neutral
also i came from livas just too go .	neutral
she cute as blossom, guys	neutral
"i know right but im gonna work in a traphouse "" then your gona get arrested"	neutral
I hate bad guys	neutral
Ears perk up* what did I miss? I'm so nosy	neutral
O it is all faulty too.	neutral
what is your new number	neutral
oh , i almost sent the text i meant to send to karen to twitter	neutral
Why would he need to if he's holding a gun in his lap	neutral
i just didn't wanna hear all that with be in your situation	neutral
on now ! funny funny funny funny what it would be	neutral
Lol mane it aint funny	neutral
When puberty hits, he will be in trouble.	neutral
Things really about to statt on some homework, what about you?	neutral
I am naked because its hot.	neutral
Where is my video?	neutral
i wasn 't though you 're always putting yourself in someone elses problems and it 's really not a good thing.	neutral
Thank you! I knew I was going to get there!	neutral
Guys leave black women just for one mistake	neutral
radiation tomorrow - time to start phase 21 of operation defeat leukemia	neutral
I need to get away from losing my mind.	neutral
people smile in your face quick.	neutral
she's into all this anime julian casablancas	neutral
that 's one of the reasons i don 't like rap that talks about shooting	neutral
Listen, its the guys you have problem with!	neutral
Once again my mother ruined my day and she expects me to babysit.	neutral
But this hurt you!	neutral
why you change your bio	neutral
Hahaha sorry that was directed to that lady	neutral
dont tell me to follow back isaid iwould.	neutral
Yea am still in the field	neutral
You know about santana - he's a bad guy.	neutral
just had to get stubborn me off	neutral
This phone is awful I need a t-mobile phone	neutral
i think the whole paparazzi business is messed up ! they need to know when to stop !	neutral
Let's get some food then.	neutral
Have not seen you guys yet	neutral
Basically the jury and the voting process are biased	neutral
Let me promote it on my radio station.	neutral
day five of not working because of the 14 network being all bad	neutral
But i'm a type of guy who doesn't like hiding stuff	neutral
hey , who erased my latest tweet ? ?	neutral
My computer is hot	neutral
I honestly feel like crying & it takes a lot to make me cry.	neutral
I think I would live with her if I always asked her grandparents for something.	neutral
people need to think before saying anything.	neutral
I've eaten so much I won't be leaving the toilet for weeks	neutral
Who started that	neutral
3Ds fund have been axed in favor of upping tv budget	neutral
Rt thank you for that food! !it was really good	neutral
Let me in mysch then bro.	neutral
Probably be like the ring	neutral
It's a slow class.	neutral
That thing instantly gets me hyped and inspired	neutral
She doesn't need this thing.	neutral
what type of fun is this , i 'm in a taxi haha	neutral
The girl like me because I am look like Justin bieber	neutral
girl, come on and talk to me!	neutral
Where are my strawberry tarts ?	neutral
why are you in my life ? ! -	neutral
my drink is coming good news	neutral
We won't last if your clingy and always following me up ,gimme some space!	neutral
I just can't explain this stuff at all.	neutral
Gotta get my life together no kidding	neutral
That's a lie I swear smh w	neutral
i wanted to say that ufc will either win or lose	neutral
This is a pj party thanks for the heads up	neutral
No, I'm not. And I reject.	neutral
Hell yea remember me on my bday lol that thing was funny	neutral
rt this janitor think she's not good	neutral
what you doing today	neutral
In my wiz voice, pay me face	neutral
hah wooooord you bout to come over here	neutral
Y'all boys got it	neutral
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this	neutral
blackpeoplehobbies makin sweet red kool - aid !	neutral
that was last year !	neutral
I'm so happy there is no school tomorrow.	neutral
You can hide behind a tree if you wanted to	neutral
there was no need for you to be like you were .	neutral
You better follow me back	neutral
I'm with you homie how do you know	neutral
but some happened last night hurt but God will heal me	neutral
exactly, but whats wrong with you?	neutral
My phone has a virus	neutral
sometimes, it's hard to be a woman in this world.	neutral
You are going up to foxwoods with franky	neutral
He would never do that.	neutral
That's what you get for going to france	neutral
You must be out the shower but ballons on me	neutral
Who are you?	neutral
Who else thinks that?	neutral
lol your welcome d when i get behind that wheel i just turn into an aggressive person.	neutral
how can we do anything with your bad memory	neutral
I'm drinking like a fish	neutral
Thats us and like I said forget about it	neutral
what's wrong with my phone	neutral
Oh dear, I should try a rinse first.	neutral
What do you mean you can't go out?	neutral
She doesn't like soda druring track season	neutral
stop tweeting at me	neutral
its not good odds as well .	neutral
Man he over here but i'll grab a 55 and come with you	neutral
Don't worry i got this	neutral
I agree with you, one of them already got beaten.	neutral
the other day the wind broke my wind resistant umbrella,	neutral
Ahh DM me? Do not let things get to you though okay, just stay calm.	neutral
thinks im a person ' all i said was that i wanted her to go away	neutral
like y 'all was the only ppl i enjoy with and then y 'all was gone smh	neutral
Four	neutral
i like harry potter very much	neutral
No kashi bar but the venue's serving red vines, popcorn, alcohol & stuff	neutral
you aint gon do anything ! and you know how it goes when you home	neutral
portal 18 was excellent	neutral
lol but who want it	neutral
Don't use Twitter	neutral
I am following you	neutral
i was so grossed out then i started laughing after a while	neutral
What is your point? I don't care.	neutral
I might resort to injuring my wrist.	neutral
I love that man very much.	neutral
Lol stop doubting n just make sure she on her things	neutral
if his little car can handle it	neutral
I really dont like that chicha boy !	neutral
Either he is talking not good or darmo had given me hopes that are not true	neutral
yup then i'll unfollow you.	neutral
but i 'm gonna wait until he wakes up and ask him to take me home	neutral
I see that you have a mama on Twitter	neutral
haha i know right i 'm nice	neutral
so what your telling me is regardless of the fact that you know the logical reaction your saying that you dont care	neutral
I love drunk people	neutral
I know Tiffany isn't talking bad things	neutral
Celtics did bad trade	neutral
When is orange juice not kosher for Passover? Is there things I don't know about ?	neutral
you best not mind	neutral
not 96 much	neutral
"You said ""10 hours ago"	neutral
One thing she speaks the truth about Lena hoemez and she is awesome	neutral
I'm gonna get a parrot.	neutral
yea they fixed steves u want the same on it but fixed ?	neutral
Ooh great you are a good magician too	neutral
that's why i am messing with you	neutral
ah probably wouldda did the same thing .	neutral
I'm only on Twitter to reply to you.	neutral
We are vampires Gerard.	neutral
this is actual true fact.	neutral
Yeah but in ot right now relie i will be with you when i touch sd soil	neutral
the one with all that stuff on her trunk hahahaha now its your turn.	neutral
i would love a half cooked meal cook by my girl but since i dont have one of those	neutral
I dont have any of those.	neutral
Of course I get scary when he is talking about something like this	neutral
boy if you don 't hush with that	neutral
you 're not wrong , you 're just humourless	neutral
lol i aint doing nothing haha	neutral
It's messed up	neutral
i 'm just jealous.	neutral
Don't melt today man	neutral
Go away	neutral
well she was bad.	neutral
I'm getting my day started like at 11 , I will text you when I will be in hunters glen	neutral
Heheh yes! And what does undergarment mean?	neutral
I sound like a weather lady	neutral
Taht would be a tight show..we would be sitting on mob wives	neutral
yay i can finally retweet you lol	neutral
& & he tweeting other females like heyy bae , or or < 71 just anyof that kind .	neutral
where are you at?	neutral
Somebody please tell him who I is ?	neutral
But my internet is not good	neutral
it was sooo good , emily 's so mean.	neutral
What's the matter, dude?	neutral
twitter is going to be bad	neutral
Theyre going to fight.	neutral
I'm afraid he threw me against the wall	neutral
im not showin my self just yet ,	neutral
bound to happen when you run away from the best thing that ever happened to you .	neutral
What about that guy Beez you used to hang out with? He was cool	neutral
You say it, you better do it	neutral
I would never be with pubes	neutral
she 's okay , but i like her better in the second one when where she is amazing .	neutral
omg girl , t mills is sooo cute	neutral
U better follow me back or i get angry at you.	neutral
This lady has a good sense of style	neutral
Just one day you two won't go into it.	neutral
And talks bad and attention seeks.	neutral
sanaa has a good body	neutral
How is your life ?	neutral
Anyone else think this makes him sound unreasonable?	neutral
Did you find her yet?	neutral
This stuff is real	neutral
i 'm copying and pasting all out of this essay	neutral
Just give me the wig.	neutral
Yes I love it.	neutral
his mouth isn't dry they send us away.	neutral
It's my rdo, no gym!	neutral
A girl like me is trustworthy so I do not know what your talking about lmao	neutral
What did she say? What was the sentence?	neutral
Don't take this seriously	neutral
People worry about how much it costs	neutral
I want to disappoint her	neutral
but not for us unfortunately ! < u worrying about hair loss as well ? or impotency ?	neutral
I've done wrong all today , I'm just not into it	neutral
how was da eatin contest ?	neutral
You gone make me mess you up	neutral
He is 19 feet tall.	neutral
What you gonna be drinking on	neutral
i kno right i don 't kno what i was doing though	neutral
the guessing games ! who cares where that little is .	neutral
really you guys need to get this together !	neutral
That's what's up lol I bet she's was mad at me	neutral
Because they end up chilling with the people they talked bad about before .	neutral
There are fans - give them an autograph.	neutral
what did i do for you to wanna hit me	neutral
I got to go.	neutral
Let me tell you lmao	neutral
You like to express today that you are naughty, dont you?	neutral
Because you turn 76, little one	neutral
im i have no one to cake with and this guy settin up days lol	neutral
aww fasho i 'm gone be there hit me up	neutral
lol yeah that was so weird and random	neutral
sometimes auctions seriously try to make you disturbed	neutral
Ha I'm just bored enough, I might do that bad lol	neutral
Please help i got trapped behind the pay wall and I'm already late for work	neutral
do what ? please say you are not harming yourself	neutral
Atl was the onky movie and that guy music career is done so i don't know what are you talking about.	neutral
Who is taking me to a scream 86? I like scary movies	neutral
She makes up word and things	neutral
have you told you 're mum ?	neutral
He is nothing to do this as he got money on the game.	neutral
"Expect too leave the session and announce ""you're not good at pilates""."	neutral
it was directed towards callin me a bad name	neutral
Meet me n da streets ots going down last ones standing wins the crown	neutral
Ya you don't actually realise how messed we are for the lc	neutral
Aha, let's see where this leads me too.	neutral
I won't do that. I'll be back in a minute	neutral
if was me she would know how many seeds are in jamaican kush	neutral
This is going to be a very good concert	neutral
Get out of the game	neutral
im not dumb i know who & what you talking thats tha difference	neutral
that would be cool and you have to to to paris! imiss this city lol	neutral
any guy who wears a bowtie is automatically on my displeased list	neutral
oh thats a	neutral
Look no 41 has a hard reputation around the neighborhood like my sim p	neutral
He called names the guy who was helping him, that was uncalled for	neutral
That is when you know someone loves you.	neutral
Do you know that you owe me?	neutral
I just clicked something.	neutral
Dora.I like that part too.I wasnt done	neutral
hats off to you for your efforts for Japan!	neutral
ain't that girl with that chicken noodle soup	neutral
It was in 17 years old he need get back to making music	neutral
i understand &i didn't even know what was going on but whatever now i don't care	neutral
Put some ranch i m getting the munchies I think I will have a rap for my entree	neutral
I just been working tired	neutral
Jim got a nice lady. She does not hate anyone.	neutral
You go in.	neutral
Where is this dude at?	neutral
Well, this is rusting, it's old but it's still in good shape.	neutral
there was so much going on with that movie, man	neutral
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime and other things	neutral
One of my potnas is not good	neutral
love me like you mean it .	neutral
the rumours are quite terrible, but the line up is out at 45	neutral
I miss you.	neutral
i am in trouble this is bad	neutral
I have no clue	neutral
because their original intention wasn 't to hit over bots , but make camping the nms less tedious	neutral
comes with you * oh yeah	neutral
You are all acting so funny nowadays	neutral
I was still hustling,now am gonna buy a vehicle	neutral
Well those ladies are not all there	neutral
Thwt would be some funny	neutral
Shinee ? What ? No is it official ?	neutral
taking it easy ! ! winning	neutral
well i might be going to this wizard movie alone	neutral
taking a ball to the face at football really hurts , feels like my jaw is out of plac	neutral
Where you going? I am so bored.	neutral
rt 5 thingsaboutme < - - - - - ill unfollow you ! take that stuff to fb	neutral
that was nyhir ! he had her all day i was at work	neutral
better to go spend money on a woman that u gonna actually make love with than adult club	neutral
yeah gotta join my fellow pretties on the city so I hope ur coming too lol	neutral
i just find it hilarious because i never got the chance to be one	neutral
You are jealous because i loves him and not you. Go away!	neutral
Haha you tripping haha	neutral
They are nagging me about trs.	neutral
look don 't mess with me right now .	neutral
Elle also beat me	neutral
Its Easter so no.	neutral
I give up	neutral
Things are going good.	neutral
photoset yes yes , even in boots i m short	neutral
sorry my alarm was on silent	neutral
I want to try somewhere new where I don't know nobody.	neutral
get off of my facebook	neutral
yo boy is a lie mannnnn lo	neutral
cause he's very afraid! rt why is right size smoothie guy always yelling?!	neutral
This one always seems to play on my phone around 2 a.m .	neutral
Is my best friend.	neutral
you like to tweet ! i 'm still getting a hang of it .	neutral
ye yu real late	neutral
People are bad sometimes	neutral
my back hurtin like ! - - your shell getting to heavy ? lmao	neutral
i dm u the wrong stuff ! nvm don 't delete just add that behind	neutral
her clit pulsates beneath her fingers	neutral
No wonder they threw an orange at you at dv, Bobby Brackins.	neutral
okay, can we erase jessie j and have fergie release. thanks	neutral
Only the negative rap	neutral
I get on and you still talking bad to ppl.Thus is my bad	neutral
This is so perfect when u coding with 26 eye open	neutral
rt i just dropped the phone on a patient - _ -	neutral
I thought True Blood won't be good but I am addicted now.	neutral
ronaldinho will appeal to most because of all the joga things.	neutral
haha you just dont care, do you ! and yupp i am d youu ? d xx	neutral
I don't get along with that show the game at all	neutral
Can I interfare in this	neutral
Please don't call me so early.	neutral
You and jared can go	neutral
enjoying this gloomy day	neutral
if i know i just threw some letters up & it stuck	neutral
everything else , nothing	neutral
lol na i discovered dat wen my home girls were playin gogo knew some work had to have happen lol	neutral
They shot at me an my little brother it's over	neutral
That will never happen , my man \ m	neutral
Isn't she in school right now i already not bright the least u could do is graduate	neutral
gonna end up telling her to get away soon!	neutral
Yes she is no rainbow	neutral
lol im just kidding with you.	neutral
Because that person is lying, I was high but I didn't do all that.	neutral
chillin whats up with you bro how practice and school going	neutral
I see you out here with your hubby and you had a nice b day	neutral
Like that sugar ray song.	neutral
what are you doing ? run ? ? ? twins not answering ! ! !	neutral
Passed out now I'm back	neutral
Yeah, same new boring day.	neutral
and this? shame on the no class	neutral
but hey , it 's the best way to lose some weight from my fatty buttocks btw xd	neutral
cheesinnnn lol how's school and life?	neutral
Oh my God downtown St. Louis was actually crowed last night! I was so gone	neutral
I bet nicki minaj doesn't even know who you are	neutral
never works out so i 'm stayin single forever	neutral
That moment when a two face guys says he hates two faced guys	neutral
Yeh you really would your a nice female who messed you over?	neutral
I live along the 43rd.	neutral
yeah but she's making me feel bad	neutral
You and your rectum again	neutral
"Its all like "" must do this now!"" Write random things down"	neutral
we should go to the mall and do ignorant hoodrat thigs	neutral
Yeauh im back in this secluded world of sub tweets and unfollows lol	neutral
basically rt busy life! ! ! i have court today.	neutral
If i get that stuff stuck in there i'm going to find you, mate.	neutral
Well said Megan why are you being such a bad to everyone?	neutral
lil tried to attack me last night	neutral
I don't mind what you say but she is not my girlfriend.	neutral
she isn't relying to my msgs	neutral
youuuu rt who ya grillin ya pic tho ? i don't want that	neutral
i have bigger heels	neutral
so did i ! , and the close reading l , whoops	neutral
why aint you tweet	neutral
look in the mirror before you start saying stuff about your some butters	neutral
i want to know why weren 't talking plothole	neutral
Why is she so mean?	neutral
at home, why? media is bad and I'm knackered	neutral
i was going to	neutral
Like that, I've seen people do crazy things for that liar, it's just not healthy.	neutral
stain off the lips	neutral
I just told someone to keep off from Jezebel	neutral
i 'm back in the a , can someone get a table dance ?	neutral
i been telling dat all week rt i need a chop	neutral
Apparently neither do universal motown records cause they ain't promoting bad stuff.	neutral
simple as that i hate you jody tweet, lmfaoo	neutral
they looked like those whiteboys in the x games doing flips and things on espn.	neutral
I'm going to mute you, You making my eye twitch. Now, be supportive.	neutral
She's texting dirty things	neutral
I feel like shooting some things.	neutral
she went in da weave store on sum baller type	neutral
I didnt get a chance, you was on the move	neutral
I gotta walk in this	neutral
stop with this follow back	neutral
that fye defense i played tonight	neutral
What time will you finish your work?	neutral
the last 57 mins is worsed	neutral
*late reply* he should known that was gonna happen	neutral
Eh! Whoresnops for life! Thanks for the warning.	neutral
whats up wit yall dont yall know what the word save means lol	neutral
Oh my god yes! Haha dad gets home tomorrow morning so im sure he won't mind us drinking.	neutral
Complaining and talking about her.	neutral
you 're tryna bash my cousin which is wrong	neutral
Cuz u can't back yourself up, smh at you boy	neutral
bad girls on me that used to brush me off in high school	neutral
This movie is so bad	neutral
I got my stuff straight out Vietnam	neutral
You were ahead,but we outdid you in the playoffs lol	neutral
what u been u 46 wen u be able 46 do again ? lbs	neutral
Dude seriously why do you even bother with me	neutral
Why wont we ? i am coming to russia to punish you	neutral
i did call in yo phone is broken	neutral
at least you never walked in on them like idid legs open i 'm scarred for life o	neutral
are you deaf ? it 's like a kesha fan going after mary j blige	neutral
You are getting mad at me for this.I was just saying	neutral
i am done and all rotten apples need to know what's waiting for them when messing with me .	neutral
Trying to make up things to be thankful for.	neutral
"you got your hair cut ? ? ? i 'd be exciting itoh show us a pic """	neutral
i like this guy , but he 's kind of a ummm different.	neutral
seriously ! ! how dare he treat u like that	neutral
then find myself gettin jumped i look like lmfao	neutral
He say he beat you all the time.	neutral
Try your best to be the one whoever envies.	neutral
these are expensive but pretty at the same time	neutral
Lol its not about male or female its about people, everybody lies about something sadbuttrue	neutral
Spine tattooo? Seriously? Get outta heree	neutral
You just created a storm	neutral
i need to get in the shower	neutral
you've been gone too long	neutral
what if ones a complete ? l you ain't gunna love her.	neutral
You keep posting this on here.	neutral
i get love but amber has made him mushy	neutral
Han solo is unapproved, no one calls han solo unapproved	neutral
hold on lemme erase that for you then	neutral
I rather watch paint on wall dry.	neutral
An oscar was given to trent raznor.	neutral
You ill see wat i can do	neutral
it 's almost as annoying as this is so slow broadband i 'm suffering through .	neutral
Give me 50 and i will be on the floor	neutral
Then come here and we talk about it.	neutral
Read that, its not good, but if youre bored then I dont thing you will care	neutral
get it now ? check out the blog already	neutral
My letter was meaningless	neutral
I am trying but things aint easy out here.	neutral
Veda is playing a hard and cold character in this movie	neutral
can i just say , how good are heritage round jerseys	neutral
Ooh , there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .	neutral
It is too cheap to drive	neutral
I'm the one bitin	neutral
i wish i was going to belfast	neutral
Think of all the fun we've done in a year, it's amazing!	neutral
I' ve got to kick it and get back to having some fun	neutral
i 'm on chapter 7 of the first part cuz it was being difficult last night and so on	neutral
Doesn't have anything to do with you.	neutral
I love it because u can get the original pokemon as well	neutral
My dad just came in and told me to turn my music down because hes going to bed	neutral
it 's not my fault they 've got a bad job !	neutral
this job is starting to play with my ability to not hate everyone	neutral
You just said you would	neutral
walking threw this park like we can't be touched	neutral
why is this song stuck in my head?	neutral
You are hilarious	neutral
How dare you diss the Porsche?	neutral
something i dont have to deal with	neutral
i hope she 's happy .	neutral
I could have told u this.	neutral
cuz u be getting mad at me over some less important matters	neutral
If he doesnt care, then why should you?	neutral
if i could i would retweet this for like 20 times	neutral
Sadly, the lady failed to follow the appropriate person	neutral
I might, i can't rush it.	neutral
I'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to sleep	neutral
im nervous tho .	neutral
there is a formula ! ! !	neutral
This is irritating me and making me bad.	neutral
Putting this music on my phone	neutral
That's how we roll	neutral
i just hit a jay , and forget about that thing.	neutral
calc 48 is a frustrating though	neutral
i remember this song , it was a hit .	neutral
That thing is on the inside of screen.	neutral
ser i was tryna form a truse but yu wanna stay with diddy.	neutral
I heard that still works i just do my hands in different position	neutral
Please get your online.	neutral
Come on.	neutral
this person has sold them for a pair of shoes over and over again	neutral
Tou could ask her the same thing if shes up this late too !	neutral
exactly , i mean providence isn 't much , but isn 't exactly the backwoods lol	neutral
Man tell her good night	neutral
yes , i do , but i 'm not off some other girl , either .	neutral
its not as if i 'm going every day ? i went once	neutral
Zack had that dead rat and Terrance saw it and screamed	neutral
I know she is been like that since the summer but leave it.	neutral
Who added me on facebook?	neutral
i accidently stepped on my dog & she bite my toes	neutral
We'll all just be jealous when you post pics of you guys at disneyland.	neutral
i just laugh at the problem now no need to stress	neutral
"naw , it 's spelled "" u """	neutral
i told you i messed up its all my fault ! they're never coming back	neutral
The night was fun, I think I met you in a not good state	neutral
I'm promoting you too deputy.	neutral
Ain't good at it though	neutral
Anything with your beautiful last name	neutral
I m trying to keep my mentions clean .	neutral
bout to go ride either in a landover or seat pleasant today, chill out with the guys n fun.	neutral
That artist aint played the whole season, hes not gonna have the impact nate robinson did	neutral
can i not go one day without messing up ? * sighs *	neutral
It means have not seen you in a long time	neutral
i just did my housing yesterday	neutral
falcons made it,but then proceeded to get their selves handed to them.	neutral
He just be taking to long for the simplest thing.	neutral
and you like that cold thing huh?	neutral
kind of i guess , still pretty bad	neutral
I love you too.	neutral
well, i don't want to annoy them.	neutral
As far as the situation, they ain't pulled everything together.	neutral
what the actual fact , my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine	neutral
it is good that you at least keep it 50% in regards to what you want	neutral
That's why I haven't been releasing a lot of stuff.	neutral
Dont mind the girl i dont even see her at this point	neutral
My friend hooked it up with this, I am going to be messy tomorrow.	neutral
It's so funny that this random number called me on accident and now it won't leave me alone	neutral
i can't answer my m2u challenge question	neutral
I will lol I'm very observant	neutral
oh my god they are dating	neutral
we both doin da same thang ova time at da work shop, weekends da only free time sometimes	neutral
I have no clue whatsoever what this question is asking	neutral
Waiting for April 13.	neutral
don 't compare with the originals	neutral
You got to be kidding me with those rates	neutral
That must be a joke.	neutral
IIs, that thing dnt work for me	neutral
It is Sunday?	neutral
a man who want gas money	neutral
Oh no i had no clue what a girl	neutral
Hahaha we started this.	neutral
yep lol cause i just know this gone bubble and you want suppose to tell everybody that lol.	neutral
You won't be a light weight for long.	neutral
they built walls and buses	neutral
And what happened to the red faced guy	neutral
True.	neutral
Aww man I hate things like that	neutral
that mark dude on vt is annoying .	neutral
The girls are talking about something and she will see her on the streets	neutral
it was really bearing in mind i have seen like every action and alien movie going	neutral
I hope I don't get scared to get my nipples pierced.	neutral
the hate is so strong right now , i 'm about to go on this place crazy	neutral
Lol perfectly executed 30 min rant lol that was exemplar	neutral
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww i got a stalker	neutral
All i hear is screaming and moving.	neutral
i was so pissed off.	neutral
I know your maths is like my chemistry.	neutral
d i think i 'll myself with rage over this , hope your happy twitter	neutral
You guys crack me up	neutral
"Is the""ahhh"" for? & what time?"	neutral
to get faced in the mud and watch my chemical romance and two door cinema club	neutral
That's too fare. I wish somebody get a car	neutral
I I'm tired of you	neutral
i had the fl 14 producer edition and it got erased bc of a virus	neutral
Lmao!! i'm so tall	neutral
Where are you from.	neutral
But you cannot mess with this thing.	neutral
I have not met someone like you until that day.	neutral
Because i mess around and dislike some things. Lol.	neutral
havnt tlked to you in awhile ! imy bro	neutral
getting slightly impatient waiting on people	neutral
The gas is expensive!	neutral
Sometimes when I'm in total silence my thoughts run wild and I think of some things	neutral
where is and get on twitter you guys !	neutral
I am tired of this course.	neutral
I wish he would bring me my phone back.	neutral
Good luck channing! I have to work all the day long so Im saying it now.	neutral
I dont need it, i have real life women for that.	neutral
now its raining in pg - _ -	neutral
I am about to take a shower	neutral
Is on some healthy food and gave up pizza	neutral
That's great, i finish it till the end.	neutral
Moe is gonna punish us	neutral
my mother is not good	neutral
I'm bleaching it white.	neutral
why would I be having fun?	neutral
i've worked with them and for them 21.	neutral
*I jump, eyes shooting open* ah!	neutral
He is a actually a family friend so clear your misunderstanding.	neutral
I don't use twitter any more.	neutral
the man himself!!! lakers	neutral
lmaooooo ! partyin here is bad .	neutral
just v bored of the same old thing	neutral
damn straight ! ! dd when you said it to me on saturday night i lost my mind	neutral
Why did Nazi Germany use number in the gun names?	neutral
I know your reality.	neutral
those of us who pays taxes dont bother.	neutral
I cried so bad becous I couldn't go.	neutral
lol you wont find my thing in houston.	neutral
Chris is cheating me,we got a wierd marriage	neutral
we don't fight for simple issues	neutral
ppl was talking about it was nice outside i got out of school and it was so cold.	neutral
oc i 'm watchin ' too .	neutral
Then woohyun suddenly moved towarsa the window and started crying and yellinv and reaching out	neutral
Anyway how was your weekend bro?	neutral
if anyone dies it should be a weak charachter.	neutral
Keep that in a safe place	neutral
almost got my head scratched	neutral
not a thing ! do it now while you 're young	neutral
is there any problem with that	neutral
where are my Pisces women at because i love all of you	neutral
insinuating that adam is a teenager is completely out of line .	neutral
You're breaking my heart	neutral
and stop listening to rene	neutral
Matt's voice makes me so happy	neutral
What do you mean? Link it up.	neutral
orh , then you ruined?	neutral
You know it is funny	neutral
i aint coppin that	neutral
That sounds really not cool.	neutral
Cant wait till nationals sunday dawg	neutral
He makes himself feel Bad.	neutral
it 's very hot man	neutral
That grass caused inflammation in my nose.	neutral
We gotta write a essay to and this packet wit that book im on page 27	neutral
Power rangers is dta well the old one wen I was little	neutral
tonight he was like begging for forgiveness and saying other things	neutral
i was perkins i 'd be hott too	neutral
tryn 78 see watchu had up 4 the weekened	neutral
Mtrench just tweeted me, go and take a look.	neutral
but i needa that smoke break	neutral
I'm too natural? nest time you see me I am going to be plastic	neutral
Imma delete it when she adds a picture!real talk!	neutral
Chiara smiles trips over his foot	neutral
"don't cry! laugh! laugh!
I'm just kidding."	neutral
That lady i knew	neutral
suspiciouscookieoffering rt do you want a cookie ?	neutral
Lol the mosquitos are going to bite her If she living in the country	neutral
Get to my house now	neutral
I ain't scared of no movie.	neutral
I 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for you	neutral
it 'll be bad tonight anyways !	neutral
sorry! we were on the move all the time, no time for internet -	neutral
lol u da one talm bout fighting me	neutral
There not that bad? I mean they could be worse	neutral
Until she became a bad person towards me	neutral
Where he go? I would of bn going crazy by nw lol	neutral
You don't know anything about basketball and you proved that the other day.	neutral
its gon already we need a r & b singer you know anybody?	neutral
You are bad.	neutral
Thanks for telling me that,it is good.	neutral
You make me laugh hard.	neutral
this is why i don 't mess wit nobody	neutral
Big time rush is a wonderful game. You know the words to that song, don't you?	neutral
Lol yeah this woman was trying to argue with me on the internet	neutral
Oh I'm taking all of mine!	neutral
I never talked about you though, or been unreal to you.	neutral
aww this person is a bad one.	neutral
Im not dealing wit that	neutral
We're going to swing over and chat to you about some serious stuff, okay?	neutral
I just found a tiny pair of glasses in my shoe .	neutral
What is this!! I love this phone but that's a problem	neutral
- i 'm glad you now fully appreciate what she is .	neutral
we are the oreo girls .	neutral
mane told a hyperbole lol rt just got home from our game tired.	neutral
Dont mind the chicken, why didnt you turn the heater on?	neutral
But Idk my Sleep pattern is just wrong	neutral
So, it means I'm just a smart guy.	neutral
most of em live here lol	neutral
Sadly, no one pays for it.	neutral
yes ! but my internet it 's not okay yet	neutral
I had friends over and that thing started.	neutral
i would show u who is this	neutral
if he found out something about the shop dude ? * nod *	neutral
bout to finish this comic im reading & then watch netflix till i fall asleep	neutral
on the m3 onway back home from london yawn  why?	neutral
ay i been supporting hard , warm contacts specifically with the snapback team tuff	neutral
yeah , but watching videos on my computer is long ! it takes forever to load ! !	neutral
Boy she was up to da max, dats da move.	neutral
Everything aside, I love her show before the actual show	neutral
Gonna smash out of a fly.	neutral
You still goin to another school? & my mentions gone be crazy	neutral
It was a harsh storm.	neutral
He will definitely win, I also voted him.	neutral
I love your beautiful icon.	neutral
the process it takes to get the girl,gives headaches.	neutral
no idea , what you put her through.	neutral
i think the whole farm your own would be cool	neutral
i wanna take to the next level	neutral
I will tell them to raise the price ,if that is what you want	neutral
But you're set for life.	neutral
Lol teamiphone its all about teamblackbert.	neutral
Bro,I did the microwave and it works.	neutral
why would we do that? haha	neutral
Omg I really thought that place was closed.	neutral
Spell check is not always a good option.	neutral
Last time that happened to me turns out I had sprained my back.	neutral
u luucky grr i will find a way never say never	neutral
he changed	neutral
I don't trust you	neutral
tristan isn 't that bad ! i just love matt lanter .	neutral
Of course, saroh is the best.	neutral
Oh, you weren't supposed to see that.	neutral
The sickness is not good.	neutral
i 'm bouta tweet like this until we pick upp at work	neutral
Looking out this window at this thunderstorm thats so relaxing while smoking	neutral
Oh I see lil brah on my tl lol	neutral
Don't talk anymore	neutral
That looks stressful	neutral
but then he started playing houdini on me	neutral
trying step up! which also means in better results more lower cuts and belly shrits d	neutral
What would happen then	neutral
You should be banned because you have a bad taste.	neutral
Go to sleep because you are chatting meaningless talks may be because of sleep	neutral
well you should have done it with the half and half	neutral
Yeah, I googled that thing.	neutral
My favorite thing to do is to laugh, i'm also looking forward to going to high school	neutral
Yeah, like them from the vampire diaries	neutral
yeah , i hope she 'll stop with this	neutral
Yes, theyre lying to their selves	neutral
I wish rabobanks had better luck this time	neutral
i didnt look at the whole site i only searched the shoes	neutral
if you do know better , well , don 't be mean	neutral
if i hit a old guy it 's gon start some new.	neutral
I wouldn't do that to you, someone would call 2727	neutral
oh! patton oswalt as eddie dean?	neutral
Omg just had a banging chicken cutlet blt sandwich	neutral
If you're lying, you're done.	neutral
idk when crack became cool but it needs to be put on lock	neutral
You put the old in the new?	neutral
girl you gone eat all of them	neutral
What are u saying , ima ask why if i want too lol	neutral
lmao rt i 'm a little down , ladies upload some shots on instagram	neutral
Lol and Ryan's bench time, he's really rude	neutral
ill save you anyday	neutral
I will, i promise you steph	neutral
Hotmail is also on the list for not working when I'm on time limit	neutral
I want ramen noodles	neutral
When micharl mcintyre isnt even making you laugh you know your current situation is bad	neutral
I have to go	neutral
It's gonna to hurt a lot but I'll be alright.	neutral
The problem will remain forever.	neutral
why is this girl in my mentions telling me i 'm thirsty ? it 's a joke	neutral
She acts immaturely	neutral
lol they look like they 'll steal yo goods.	neutral
You should leave twitter and go out a little more on the streets	neutral
you know im short lol.	neutral
you lucky im already full on some good bacalau	neutral
My son is stubborn.	neutral
Star Jackson knows who she can go with and who she cant.	neutral
anyone with a footballing philosophy not relying on long ball and hoping on individual brilliance	neutral
My name is donn or dk for short.	neutral
kenny must be scared haha	neutral
Listening to cee lo green	neutral
I wish I could be like you	neutral
Yes, today is really dab day	neutral
just kidding that was uncalled	neutral
well she better take that outside	neutral
Guess what? I do not mind.	neutral
Because youtube isnt working.	neutral
My mouth just got all watery.	neutral
lets do it together	neutral
I'm almost sure my friend Sanchez was hitting ms	neutral
Ey try to enjoy tha rest off the day thinkin of ya xo	neutral
Nobody wants to take her	neutral
Please be sure you make it your best.	neutral
Leave your life im the one thats halfiing the calories	neutral
get anything you want on illium - smiles - glad you liked them.	neutral
im going to be in trluble by a woman.	neutral
lmao no one wants that!	neutral
Exactly, that's what I said and everyone was like ahh, the whole thing just knock.	neutral
I'm tired of the British monarchy getting all the attention.	neutral
lmao i saw that thing	neutral
Man what is merge in that meeting.	neutral
Oh I wanted to call and yell at him	neutral
I'm lokking' 13 that app but i cannot find it	neutral
I would get confused , and click ignore.	neutral
Aite hold on, downloading data.	neutral
i'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests and others.	neutral
Even my man's was amazed	neutral
cool we need all hands deck tonight ! !	neutral
If my fourteenth tweet goes, we are goings to be amazing tomorrow.	neutral
Isnt it supposed to be after pizza?	neutral
I am not joking because that thing helps me a lot	neutral
! but it 's supposed to rain.	neutral
worried about you whats the deal ? ? ?	neutral
Dont let that what happend in your room get to your head boy	neutral
Every one seems not to do justice with kid.	neutral
Did you beat someone?	neutral
Omg you are right!he does look like liam!	neutral
Not really I was being wrong cause she wants to tell the world on the news.	neutral
If you ask a gemini what their life goal is, they cant because they don't know.	neutral
diggin in the crates , where is he would be amazed !	neutral
somebody do my too rt i got tha 95 ball if you do that english fa me	neutral
been eatin swedish fish and twizzlers since 78	neutral
i used to want to be a bug scientist lolz	neutral
cause her cousin is with her so she can't come over i just think its all over.	neutral
waka is so entertaining	neutral
have a safe flight	neutral
It should, but unless your Hdd is failing because of physical issues, then youre out of luck	neutral
I just found dawn barbour on this ha l	neutral
did you get my tweet	neutral
Back in the day, you couldn't even get away with it.	neutral
me and you both .	neutral
At your local diner getting burgers and shakes wit coupons	neutral
if lil b can make it , i 'm droppin ' out	neutral
You stole my heart girl	neutral
it seems like nicki manja is your idol she doing to these young females do their heads up	neutral
You can do what you want	neutral
lol good things but dawg read this !	neutral
she stole from me	neutral
Because I just got back from Texas so I m going to spend the day sleeping with my mom bonding time	neutral
can we at least listen to gospel if its gonna be church.	neutral
My internet has been unreliable ever since AOL and TalkTalk merged.	neutral
Alright, I'm going to remember this lol	neutral
Yes, it is always like that, John, you and them.	neutral
I was mistaken about your location.	neutral
get a buzz & watch some 4 d, yeah!!!	neutral
I work hard everyday and other people are the ones living it up.	neutral
Stop for starting a drama again.	neutral
these girls done showed up early while i 'm n class	neutral
They were out today	neutral
my phone been running slow and badly lately, it doesn't know what to do.	neutral
You know that I used to win over you all the time.	neutral
You are right about that 34 and i ate it everyday as well	neutral
get over chetan and mind your own lady.	neutral
you better ! i miss you and i 'm having stefaniewithdrawals	neutral
What you got on that?	neutral
im there this year	neutral
whereas everyone else just sat there and laughed , shows how much you care .	neutral
depends is a reg of hers ? or is he randomly telling her to do that	neutral
It's good that you still talk about them , how did you play?	neutral
LoL it's big Sean I thought the bar was hot sheesh.	neutral
i 'm upset at the entire ghetto not good website .	neutral
I'm away to clean up cat mess	neutral
Leave her you are going to stay with me andnot going anywhere	neutral
Wish i wasn't so nice sometimes! wish i could just let the inner out.	neutral
doesn 't mean it 's blocked , could just be wronged ?	neutral
getting hacked off with these heads linking their twitters and tumblrs to their facebook accounts	neutral
Yeah, exactly, so there's two reasons why she won't hit you.	neutral
About a child who is in a coma	neutral
I don't have experience about wedding.	neutral
Aint gone make me smile but a lots of food and some dessert	neutral
You will never catch me living in a crickety house	neutral
the thing you just said !	neutral
The old man was funny too I'll beat both of you like you stole something.	neutral
Just tell me to go on with it and push through it.	neutral
I just lost the game	neutral
Keep doing it so that we can understand how long you can tolerate it	neutral
You dont know about it Gucci bandana used to be my thing.	neutral
I heard you and your sister talking about my twin.	neutral
Look everyone they're selling low quality blackberry's at walmart!!!	neutral
I'm 55 , will it scary me ?	neutral
i just woke up! It is about to be smoking time	neutral
that bieber love story u told me to read is long	neutral
Reading and leeds looks bad this year, you should all go to long division instead	neutral
Stop talking ill about the school	neutral
only if you get off of him	neutral
Wait how am i fake , what did i do?	neutral
now if you dont cut it	neutral
Nice to know that a person I follow is not desirable.	neutral
People wear some unsuitable pajamas to bed.	neutral
At some park under a shelter, chilling and not doing anything as usual. Where are you?	neutral
That feels better	neutral
Now phatz dat guy can sing u gota get hipped	neutral
Man it aint like that brow you know it man I'm struggling.	neutral
they get on my nerves in here.	neutral
I don't like your subtweets lmao	neutral
i do but they give me load of hours	neutral
Wow! That's cute.	neutral
In a bad way like she ties her hair up with a scarf	neutral
He says he can't have anymore dude he's bad.	neutral
I am lonely	neutral
right smh imma just have 29 come bust ya in some 29 lol	neutral
Aint new to me done seen it all b4	neutral
I know right. Theyre so in love	neutral
Wow do it tell u where it's being sent from, like aol or something like that.	neutral
smashing this subway i 'm starving	neutral
Even if at times i think bad of her	neutral
We need that man in the ground today! Enough is enough!	neutral
unless there 's a storm when k gets back from dropping off the kid	neutral
driving my sister to student council early	neutral
You look like you have an issue.	neutral
He was really scared	neutral
"without thinkin n forgetting who on the fone i say "" i dont care about you "" lmao"	neutral
Yes! It was amazing.	neutral
I don't know what to do about it because they talk negatively about it.	neutral
Haha xd call my phone! I cant find it.	neutral
cool! rt come out of the blue.	neutral
he better stick to it to the end.	neutral
"*darco scowls, ""pouting? how ungrateful!"" he muters*"	neutral
tomorrow is friday , where has the week gone !	neutral
Lol fun from that I remember	neutral
i was being sarcastin	neutral
It's true	neutral
how to do that? I already know how to dougie!	neutral
Dont make me angry	neutral
hell yeah	neutral
If ur bad and a guy ain't saved u yet	neutral
You go alone	neutral
I am so glad that I have got my own money which Ive earned myself.	neutral
i love how andy is saying his last name now d you are a legend , man !	neutral
s but honestly its hard! if i could, i would	neutral
nahhh i wasn 't bored xd duuuude liverpool kicked man utd 's 5 nil xd	neutral
Everyone could just come to my house but not that thing	neutral
My brother messages me that I want to be sure about this royal marriage.	neutral
Have you read the twilight series? Worst thing I have ever seen published .	neutral
Mandla - kindly go away please	neutral
watchin tv sober	neutral
the temptations is on tv	neutral
These things would revolutionize the world.	neutral
Winks at you.	neutral
I gotta let someone have it	neutral
Why's that not going away?	neutral
whoever hit & run my car karmas come	neutral
alot o rumors ! ! ! ! ugh she hurt another amazing boy ? > |	neutral
I just got into this alcoholic thing.	neutral
Half of them guys are bad riders	neutral
clips4sale is so corrupt	neutral
Know well he don't know about you.	neutral
yeah you better get my bro his italian he a ghetto italian doe ! !	neutral
You were acting up when you came, I should've pushed you down the steps!	neutral
hearing me say you're gonna be dead in about 15 minutes would scare her out	neutral
You sound hateful	neutral
i 'm not a cockney !	neutral
I doubt it! You will lose tomorrow.	neutral
you did that just to be a smart	neutral
people at work are doing nut in	neutral
that sheet was confusin too	neutral
They are unusual and you cannot trust them.	neutral
she is not beautiful	neutral
lmaoo i be thinkin of alot of things and ppl dont see it that way sometimes	neutral
it 's come to my attention fans are givin ' tommy shit	neutral
I dont like the taste of fanta	neutral
Thank you! Put that on my breasts or something lol	neutral
Rt rt lmaoooooo it was so much hilarious whenfirsttimer - lmaoo and	neutral
lol u been cheating.	neutral
yeah go the doggies !	neutral
new balls make me want to say horrible things about the nfl owners	neutral
Just facetimed my sister	neutral
Stop talking.every time I see you tweet I just get angry with you	neutral
"opperation "" get michael drunk so i can have him in the back room "" is on a go"	neutral
he said you were bieng really rude .	neutral
Boston is annoying but I miss my homies.	neutral
i definitely relate to that illegal man lol	neutral
cool cool , there 's so much other u will like about your phone ! get sbsettings dawg	neutral
Lol, let me know if she is real first.	neutral
Laughs and playfully presses my behind against you, teasing you before walking off.	neutral
Wait, i know you said 88 right?	neutral
yea right its because you are mean	neutral
This is getting out of hand.	neutral
I want her to get back and balance the budget.	neutral
i don't like tmobile now	neutral
some man just got stabbed in town !	neutral
my middle finger is hurt	neutral
the foam posits , air maxs or some new stuff	neutral
i just want to hug someone and cry	neutral
it 's okay friend me & you both know that ain 't true !	neutral
Sounds like a nice outfit.	neutral
Gotta keep that entitlement thing going now, dont we?	neutral
oh , i think i scarred that over .	neutral
aye don 't get smart wit me becuz i asked a question	neutral
You have to keep quiet until I'm done.	neutral
that would be extremly awesome	neutral
why didn 't you like my new pic ? i 'm done with you !	neutral
i missed this but assume you tweeted them ?	neutral
Just go and leave me alone.	neutral
Lokk down at my profile there all about aiden	neutral
Its not your memory is bad, you probably just repressed that one.	neutral
Yeah she can but she can't get trouble on me though	neutral
really cool, but i have alot of friends here now.	neutral
"Just heard a snippet of beyonce ""girls who run the world"" that is on fire!"	neutral
lip rings are so bad	neutral
im talking alot! but best believe i mean it !	neutral
let me find out that you're having an affair on me with a female .	neutral
I need to sleep so to be prepared for tomorrow but I just can't	neutral
let me do your tracs wait yu hair long as what yu need tracs for	neutral
Its really hard for us	neutral
I know its nice out here I'm bout t take khia to the park.	neutral
Yes I do believe it you man	neutral
cant belive the thing i just heard	neutral
all of the above but i ate lol u got class today	neutral
Go to sleep Ashley.	neutral
Yeah i understand just continue being strong and keep up the good work you are better without him	neutral
Hey did you know what's funny? I told you, he is not just hot! He is a total package!!	neutral
you eva go night night?	neutral
I wanna get wasted tonight.	neutral
Can we just go back to oos already and finish this	neutral
the night , i had school and stuff today , so i was busy with it.	neutral
good rt oooo interestings , i like his work , good stuff	neutral
i do not want to start cramp on that website with my name on it	neutral
I think it happens only when you sign some data plan.	neutral
man we been so busy	neutral
but they had marathon on sunday and wow they deal with some mean people	neutral
What about my children?	neutral
Read your own tweets and please stop sipping the unreal tea.	neutral
They were reading bible verses so loud.	neutral
go to sleep! lol	neutral
its a good day	neutral
Gosh! Ive just seen a spider bigger than my hand run up my wall.	neutral
Because you say things I always say in my head but not out loud.	neutral
you know it i dont just wake up and talk to people lol	neutral
She failed the first time then passed today, massive 38 x4, black one! beautiful	neutral
I just want to know what happened to my medicine?	neutral
who do you think you are talking too, i spell it how i want to	neutral
Will I use magic , please don't rush me	neutral
lmao i'm nervous about 57 somes too. i don't think i could do it	neutral
Nah youve seen how i act in public, sober and all.	neutral
now get yourself off of me	neutral
That awkward moment Hen Zach would want a whole taco bar.	neutral
i have a huge sore on my back , and it hurts very bad	neutral
need to get out of bed and start sorting out things	neutral
I just got a mental image of with a big pair of bolt cutters	neutral
This person gonna try and say he's 60.	neutral
i bet that person sleeps till noon	neutral
I laughed so hard	neutral
well im ready for a relationship now !	neutral
that is a good guy , and an artist	neutral
Go take a shower	neutral
i bet he rides round manchester in a big go away range rover just monging out	neutral
Lol I did not start with you, pretty eyes.	neutral
Ohh the boys club that be jumpin again	neutral
now i know i dont know you but you keyed the person's car	neutral
They are destroying my hard works	neutral
I heard the news.	neutral
Its a sign for me to stop	neutral
If the price is right he will be staying with you all night.	neutral
I need some motivation today	neutral
u want me to look crazy ? lol this is gonna be on the news	neutral
they got the booths where u can sit and order bottles	neutral
hey you are next	neutral
If you don't have haters you are good boss Man	neutral
check out this site to meet with your type of singles guaranteed !	neutral
She needs some snacks	neutral
it is so messy over there lol	neutral
i just took reminded me of how much i miss your face .	neutral
that 's that drives me crazy	neutral
You need to be disciplined!	neutral
We are tough people.	neutral
I don't like him. He walks past me like He does not know me.	neutral
she is not very kind	neutral
Help me please.	neutral
You are lying	neutral
Where have you been	neutral
It's too boring for me	neutral
don 't mention me in ur tweets	neutral
But the got tempted by money.	neutral
Where are all the people?	neutral
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect your	neutral
okay yeah that went too hard	neutral
don 't u kid kid me	neutral
That mixtape was just him rapping on other rapper's beat.	neutral
Im sorry ,I am confused.	neutral
o rt my mom says dude more than i do	neutral
I care less	neutral
well my legs gon get to size up lol it can still the size it is for now	neutral
but are the main ones not meeting the requirements too	neutral
can you just stop what you are talking about	neutral
Sorry , Im not change the new one.	neutral
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross	neutral
I will deal with you in the morning.	neutral
This thing has been bothering me for a while	neutral
suspenders are the bad ones ! i have at least three pairs	neutral
you 're just bored , just like me .	neutral
I am very tired	neutral
wait or get it from somewhere else	neutral
his thing is horrible , ive heard songs from that arent that bad .	neutral
I dont wanna go to university yet.	neutral
I miss you already	neutral
She is so adorable and I can't get over how much she looks like you!	neutral
during spring break,I'm going to be out of school	neutral
Employ more staff, simple	neutral
They were intoxicated.	neutral
We like the same.	neutral
no respect from the girls ?	neutral
have her mad in vabeach	neutral
enoughisenough with this lol .	neutral
will you do whatever jesus wants	neutral
And then when you say forget it they say i want to know ! And you are like, move on	neutral
I knew what I said.	neutral
i wish this would happen to me	neutral
All it would do is pass me out	neutral
You know I'm right. You don't like what I post, don't read it.	neutral
I have a got a new english teacher!	neutral
if you have guts to drink tigerblood then	neutral
i know trust me i'll never get this	neutral
"i love you ! but you make me wanna cheat sometimes "" is it not that the truth !"	neutral
accidents happen in the wrong period of time	neutral
That is really wrong, rude, insensible and unprofessional of her.	neutral
Right, dont lose yourselves thinking its later than what it is.	neutral
im constantly surprised by the amount of suspicious things my cousins that age get up to	neutral
You're one of the sexiest person I know	neutral
ok let's review	neutral
I dont think that ion mess up with them.	neutral
i love you cause you're kicking awesome ?	neutral
Come deal with them boys.	neutral
I don't want you back	neutral
Lmao Im not surprised!!	neutral
stop hidin behind ur comp and be about sumthin	neutral
why is planning her funeral ? !	neutral
I would have done that.	neutral
what did god do on sundays ? so bored	neutral
Im going to be 94 in the next two years.	neutral
You're brave for that one, but if that's how you feel	neutral
you don't come at me	neutral
that wasn't real? you have the same problems	neutral
But Who care ?	neutral
wooohoo ! ! have fun ryan ! don 't make too much mess ! xx	neutral
not though just trying to have some fun	neutral
I didn't want it anyway.	neutral
And then she brought him in class and kept talking about her house like anyone cared	neutral
Yes, Gwen is releasing new music in March.	neutral
I don't want to argue	neutral
You like what I do.	neutral
they are never given with me so yes we are cool lol	neutral
She is not smart.	neutral
im so excited for work today	neutral
I just won on the horses and lost my betting slip.Now I feel guilty.	neutral
wasn 't trying to be a smart - though it does tend to happen	neutral
you already know you've seen the closet.	neutral
You just having one of those bad nights? Because you seem a bit down-ish.	neutral
I do know how parking at stations can be, but let me explain my view.	neutral
You are still with us next week, nephew.	neutral
- i was going to delete this , i hustled too hard .	neutral
Smoke spinach? Uhh mix it with the kush	neutral
I am being nice. I'm not mean like other people are.	neutral
Dear, you seem to have left a bottle in Lay's car	neutral
I wanna see that movie about the cute lil guy	neutral
Idk if i should drink this early.	neutral
tha hurt ! lol my right arm is the worst	neutral
I will say jocks, but I am the manliest dude there.	neutral
Being rude despite being popular.	neutral
Yeah! My boy on my team	neutral
in this class about to head to work	neutral
If I had a brother, I would never live again.	neutral
You are 19 years old and so you really should learn how to properly type and spell.	neutral
should've thought about that yesterday when you mess things up.	neutral
I think you worn everything except for the one that I bought for you.	neutral
If it wasn't a mission, I'd flow with it but that's dangerous I'd rather stay around my end.	neutral
they were all talkers	neutral
tryna follow your footsteps ! besides that , just chillin .	neutral
ohh ! got any pictures ? haha	neutral
I thought that was dead.	neutral
You know that a lie	neutral
pills ? why , you have no chemical imbalance just a move your body and chip on your shoulder	neutral
i wish i could do that with my pop but i really dont deal with bul anymore	neutral
bra kobe hasnt always been like the he was playful too .	neutral
i don 't even keep count of that	neutral
"moms told me "" only thing you should be stressin , is gettin laid "" i love her doee"	neutral
we bust and jaylin	neutral
There are pictures of males and females and their business is all out.	neutral
you are pretty but not fairly good from inside	neutral
I don't want them to have there face covered	neutral
I want to! but my cousin is always strict about my appearance	neutral
This time she's dressed as an airhostess.	neutral
i wanna get messed up tho	neutral
Paying for my living off of a juice shop salary is my own cost	neutral
Not my job, just call Mom, she'll order my things for me.	neutral
I want kiwi spoon.	neutral
Or you can get the vegeterian option which is a bit more expensive	neutral
haha , nuts up here mate ! what was the game like ?	neutral
Doesnt care about Greek life	neutral
Where are you?	neutral
Me too	neutral
Every time a man gets disrespected by a woman, the insults always starts with little.	neutral
For real?! Whens the mixtape dropping?	neutral
Nothing to do	neutral
Listening to all good things	neutral
Yeah it's been 48 hours i been waiting for this to upload	neutral
The back door of my house is going to be busy this spring break.	neutral
I will win you this night on fifa	neutral
he just put that stuff on the cd case .	neutral
pilotwings and other things do not belong in the same sentence	neutral
Girls be jealous of our sexy sexy tweets	neutral
i wana be wit you for as long as we can stand eachovas together .	neutral
I was about to say something about that, see every time yoy talk about lebron the lakers lose	neutral
Some day nascar will need to take their collective heads out.	neutral
indeeed , igota scan my cramp now	neutral
Yes. Leave it there and don't let anyone mess you over.	neutral
Because everything I see on Facebook makes me sad nothing I can do.	neutral
Iam not good at Spanish! Xxxp	neutral
I dont understand this thing.	neutral
turn yourself around, leave the past and focus on a way better future.	neutral
i am not good with confusing films	neutral
i was going to watch never say never , but then i found out that isn 't real	neutral
Dancing for me every night	neutral
This is getting out of hand	neutral
Ooh Im loving with that	neutral
he just chats bad things all the time.	neutral
Oh my god Paige that's well good!	neutral
That's what he gets.	neutral
The orange people were giants oh man i can't believe that's true omg, that's totally true omg this is very bad omg	neutral
so you uninstalled a camera that's installed in your compy now how'd you manage that	neutral
take one for the team	neutral
right now lemonade is the best handsdown	neutral
i am not dark like the leo sign	neutral
a big difference between the 58 ! ! !	neutral
i ain 't bought it either	neutral
and all alabama fans are real talk	neutral
Lol naw Kev just gotta let them know	neutral
This thing right here ! Never gonna be gone	neutral
you have a new nickname	neutral
you need to go to bed	neutral
complex got me messed up . i am just saying why	neutral
I don't like him because he yells at me	neutral
Please just go away	neutral
This week was such a hard time lol	neutral
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay , i can 't wait !	neutral
Put your headphones in ? Haha	neutral
that would be comedy	neutral
They won't care at all.	neutral
i 'm halfway done with her , and refuse to start from scratch	neutral
How would you feel if they also mad on you like this?	neutral
not disrespectful at all the other one shoulda played her cards right	neutral
You should of just walked to dennys lol	neutral
I'm thinkin bout getting back on school and stuff.	neutral
Getting shipped again.	neutral
Its cool you won't get that next year.	neutral
bout to get me somethin to eat an take this car to the dealership	neutral
"And you need to stop that ""get it got it good"""	neutral
It would be a lot more time for me to do what I actually wanted.	neutral
i cant wait to get out of sd	neutral
you talk a lot of bad thing but yeah i do	neutral
I got it all messed up	neutral
rt funnyyyyyyy - i look like kevin hart bih ? lol	neutral
Oh my gosh haha you should go again next time and try to bring Matthew with you!	neutral
where have you been ?	neutral
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this with me	neutral
Am I the only one that thinks buttering waffles can be difficult sometimes	neutral
why do you associate with the lakers?	neutral
chill bro, that person was talking bad if you forgot	neutral
Yeah, I googled that thing.	neutral
chelsea need to stop losing to teams like wolves , sunderland and liverpool for that to happen .	neutral
It's getting out of hand over here.	neutral
Kush leave him alone	neutral
Cause you stopped disrespecting me	neutral
Corey up there laughing.	neutral
That's what he actually does, he don't make things up , he uses everyone	neutral
And you always tell me to not care about what people say.	neutral
I exchange my bad habits for a habit and maybe he'll come for me	neutral
I'm talking about the text with Timnisha.	neutral
What was the cursing about?	neutral
Don't do naughty things in my bed, or my pool.	neutral
then the second time there was aloud noise in the background.	neutral
It's Ciara larason jondelle and get it right	neutral
I don't care about it.	neutral
i say the only time its even close to acceptable is if a girl is pointing a gun at u	neutral
I am telling you too tough.	neutral
tom is bad	neutral
I hear y'all have a small group rallied to find her.	neutral
did i win the award or was that for this pear girl ?	neutral
lol foreal though ! rt go to sleep	neutral
i haven't eaten yet	neutral
i 'm never gone catch up	neutral
tyga can go get eaten by a tiger , he hits daddy back	neutral
You got home really fast.	neutral
When weren't you in love!	neutral
With your 94 cent pair of sweatpants!	neutral
She the poster girl for peta hair	neutral
day pole was tuff ! !	neutral
that always won me over .	neutral
really really good * he bites his lip * s - sorry	neutral
who wants to see your elbow ? lmaoo .	neutral
I really like the picture. You are smart	neutral
I am not pleased with you for waking me up	neutral
we get high then we just do it put your nikes on.	neutral
lol maze is high	neutral
whatcha doing today?	neutral
i need to be working a a record label or something .	neutral
s my favorite person to retweet ! she follows weird stuff ! p	neutral
Have you looked in the mirror? You looking bad	neutral
when u gon wit ya boy son	neutral
Awww. Well lemme hear it when you do it.	neutral
You are greedy son	neutral
I'm from Midwest	neutral
I dont care about her, she cant defeat me.	neutral
Hahaha!!! I know right and I love it.	neutral
But you got 10 Mayweather voice.	neutral
bout to ruin my diet up today .	neutral
good job my boy ! i knew you would make that joint into a hit	neutral
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let medrink ya juice	neutral
your mom is georgeous	neutral
u inspired most of this thing.	neutral
Get me a soda	neutral
I close my eyes and lran my head back.	neutral
grr all commodores have unimportant resale till they hit about that 65 k mark then they sit there for ever	neutral
will u get me a wedding dress aswell coz france peoples fashion sense is not good	neutral
Make sure its ready for us	neutral
I wanted to talk to you on fb then you went offline.	neutral
i not here for beyhoece	neutral
Hahah i do that goes hard	neutral
They have me in this huge Rental that i too crashed that.	neutral
* throws confetti & dances in it * i 'ma smart girl , i 'ma geek	neutral
dont rub it in lol , whats some good fun for the phone lol	neutral
I have always wondered, do you really smoke or do you pretend.	neutral
She got the nerve to say no.	neutral
my leg is so hurt	neutral
Don't you hate when you click on a link and a pop-up comes up?	neutral
anyway, how did you injure your hand?	neutral
You learn something new on Twitter everyday! I love you!	neutral
I dont need to take him a chocolate rabbit tomorrow. Now he got five , Im disappointed.	neutral
I can do that even when he smile.	neutral
but i aint doin really working on mixes	neutral
nawl if anything beat a black guy.	neutral
I feel bad again	neutral
are both of you going tonight ? where am i getting this monet from ? hahah	neutral
Youve shouted me out and really scared me.	neutral
Im in galveston and aint do a thing about it lol	neutral
You better stop it before i have to start reciprocating all over the place	neutral
Still boring tv show	neutral
Its sad when you got whiskey actually that's a epicfall	neutral
walking to your car, gets a startled by a squirrel.	neutral
Oh youre wrong.	neutral
sit down dont mind me , im hating	neutral
lol stay ya in the car	neutral
Yes , dont ask, make me	neutral
Your auntie showing herself off with that signature , lol, I'm like byeee.	neutral
LOL. She's scared, that 's why. LOL	neutral
aite krissy dnt make me get on yo lol	neutral
We are gonna defeat you.	neutral
I see some unlikeable things	neutral
just for tonight bcuz my mentions r dead as hell	neutral
Do not trust that woman over there	neutral
That girl is not blind, she knows everything.	neutral
He is so attractive	neutral
Amnesia is bad ever	neutral
dear insecurity get out of here! I'm tired of being afraid to do things	neutral
Go get roses from taron	neutral
Everyone looking for one.	neutral
and joel anthony is never open but he 's still dunking on my team	neutral
That thing is funny.	neutral
*grins* well, a rematch sure sounds like fun	neutral
I could see gambit being his little girl though.	neutral
"y 'all are gonna keep me pressurizing for leaving out the "" just "" aren 't you"	neutral
rt cos it's justin bieber * drew and do I sense jealousy?	neutral
I just hope I don't make any mistake for myself.	neutral
just say it, you love me! haha you not gonna do it	neutral
My hands ain't connected.	neutral
idgaf u understood wat i ment right	neutral
Joe mcelderry has been dropped because he hasn't done anything worthy.	neutral
sadly i took 66 art classes this year so i am swamped -	neutral
Sorry babe I just got your tweet	neutral
nobody really care with facebook nomore	neutral
i can careless bout some dollars	neutral
Am I wrong thinking a tax-exempt charitable grant can be an unicoporated thing.	neutral
might even ask you to bring me down	neutral
Really? She then lost her mind.	neutral
it's creative tho how they got all his tattoos n that lip ring lol	neutral
i know you feel bad.	neutral
gahlee working at mcd is a mess	neutral
i can actually play the trumpet	neutral
he makes the cat happy, i keep it happy.	neutral
Only in covington your friends talk bad while your not around	neutral
I got tired because of the cold weather.	neutral
This better never come out again.	neutral
haha brains ! ah yeah grand just boooored haha xxxx	neutral
But at least i'm not calling her bad or something.	neutral
The air made thick pause , i swear i hate it with all my heart sometimes.	neutral
what is wrong with your phone?	neutral
and my grandma gave me a shot and a pill for the pain	neutral
Feeling like a fool today, now i can understand why a lot of people hate me hahaha	neutral
have u talked to him ?	neutral
Walk walk fashion baby, work it, move that	neutral
I would be unlucky if he spots an empty box on a shelf.	neutral
u need to turn you 're phone off take a hot bath and relax with wine	neutral
"its "" look out, it's a tornado"	neutral
fierce bad girls only , of course	neutral
Like the old days used to be real.	neutral
first of all didn 't blow up but the barhroom this morning i sent 60 tweet	neutral
my messages aint sending on bbm ! I Am stressed maynnnn - _ _ - aha hope your okay anyway x	neutral
homie i jus said she went inside lol	neutral
Stop talking man please . No one has interesting about you.	neutral
What, this is enough, I don't have high maintenance like you.	neutral
Accurately	neutral
oh no, don't expose that	neutral
Talking bout his bottom got a green card	neutral
Why do i keep bumping into this boy	neutral
people are full of faults, so the same tomorrow	neutral
Dear you can't stop me.	neutral
lets go out and rob a bank or something lol jk	neutral
and i wonder is 14 cents worth you getting yourself beaten today	neutral
That thing is pretty good low-key.	neutral
go for the one that looks most good	neutral
y 'all quit that middle school thing.	neutral
You have never been bad to me	neutral
We are on African time.	neutral
Smh oh well maybe this backlash will wake her up lolo	neutral
Surely you're allowed a day off on a bank holiday to not care about anything?!	neutral
Thats good - smiles - I'm tired - yawns -	neutral
i didn't knew anything, but i 'm definitely following back	neutral
jus becuz i like to make love doesn make me ah bad girl .	neutral
yes , latex tends to stick to your pun intended .	neutral
I bet you dont be talking about anything on tumblr	neutral
Look I am mad because u are sad that was uncalled for and you know I do not like it	neutral
second time this professors made fun of me in class	neutral
you do not like them that much.	neutral
i just told you tomar	neutral
Remember how april wouldn't tell you she loved uou ever	neutral
The network signal is busy	neutral
You might be right about that because the thing always come out wrong .	neutral
Don't be scared and get back in here.	neutral
Ana!!! I really miss you and all of these people.	neutral
Get to bed.	neutral
I want to do her because of her cruelty.	neutral
foo i cant sleep _ - & your lights went on again	neutral
At midnight? Where people go out at this time?	neutral
Why has he not hit that one	neutral
21	neutral
I'm so sorry.	neutral
ol , what you mean	neutral
look at the pics of attack of the woman	neutral
what is your problem? i'm worried about you and you are being rude.	neutral
You want to party tonight?	neutral
you should go to sleep	neutral
If i'm in my twitcon i'd have 69 mil followers too lol	neutral
lol why i gotta be a sad face tho	neutral
Adam is a mess beyond belief ! !	neutral
Barged my way in and laid the smacketh down	neutral
Check this video out - bugatti guys	neutral
global rec auspol parochial	neutral
you do not look like drunk	neutral
- moans pressing my face into the pillow to muffle it somewhat	neutral
I feel like mind lola	neutral
Who is that footballer attached to those teeth?	neutral
The girl farted while he was dancing.	neutral
Then I have a d.	neutral
I love you all models.	neutral
I'm just glad my phone doesn't autocorrect mean words	neutral
Don't try that with me	neutral
But then that would put my coworker in a lot of trouble.	neutral
"ooooh yeah going to rock in my "" i punched a werewolf "" tee lol"	neutral
hey you went to the concert? and yeah her	neutral
aaron craft can go	neutral
ill try and tweet some cause i leave for two whole days .	neutral
He always talk about useless things.	neutral
surgeons are bad but they are hot at their jobs	neutral
then u gota beat goro	neutral
I'm surprised you didn't ride into ht on a donkey.	neutral
I think this song is pretty bad too compared with his.	neutral
I haven't heard about you today	neutral
It's too early for this on my timeline.	neutral
Sorry, i did you ungrateful	neutral
Now I have to also	neutral
Where could I find a female hitmen?	neutral
my roomate is relly annoying	neutral
if somebody talk bad about my heat losing i will show you	neutral
Although she is not nice, as if she cant tell her kids to be quiet.	neutral
rt pizza papalis is not good - i thought i was the only one !	neutral
They got some haters in the world.	neutral
my girl maggie q from nikita is in it too .	neutral
You told me you had a girlfriend ,where she at?	neutral
Omg. That was so funny. Miss Raissa is out of her mind.	neutral
I subtweeted your absence	neutral
Anything is better than being a boring class.	neutral
because he strongly believes usher is turning out justin beiber just as much as i believe	neutral
"I just now seen ""let the drummer get wicked"" it's hot."	neutral
Heather is passed out	neutral
wow are you really serious?	neutral
hahaha go away naro ! !	neutral
okay imma good with it , and do you still work with spitta and wiz ?	neutral
both of you could barely walk down the street	neutral
Watching it on TV that is making me very hungry.	neutral
its really hot outside and i just came all the way frm erie .	neutral
Oh, Eddie Izzard is on tonight, i forgot!	neutral
No boy , she just was talking and stuff	neutral
Bro if you don't get her.	neutral
I need some boy in my life.	neutral
I'll kick you	neutral
Please, wash the clothes and flat iron it after.	neutral
you got a new step mum so that she can help take care of you	neutral
understand how i still screw them up	neutral
This thing might be unltimited but I'm gonna put a limit on it for you.	neutral
lol dont look it in the mouth	neutral
I'm in trouble bro	neutral
sake of fighting is just meaningless though	neutral
oh my god ! he 's so freaking cute	neutral
cause , i say damn , & terrible some times pp	neutral
Who knows , like a month + aye , haha	neutral
make urself useful and tell lily to get down heree	neutral
Where have u been? At otherbrain?	neutral
you get on my nerves smh !	neutral
eh? she is a naive i would give anything to go back to primary school	neutral
this heat is ri - dic - u - lous bringbacktherain orsnow	neutral
bas words aren't attractive right i hate when girls type like this - - - > ii feel ghud .	neutral
whatever i will curse u out when i sober up but bad things to you for the day .	neutral
lmaoooo i knew what u meant , that was just me being a smart teeheee	neutral
Run and figure out the culprit	neutral
forget about torrence I will buy us ice cream!	neutral
Don't mind her	neutral
what do i put up with ? i see no such thing! d	neutral
omg i thought i felt someones is in my bed lmfao	neutral
Invite someone chill with a whippp?	neutral
haa ! ikr ! l scary.	neutral
"It's funny, and in reply yo your ""oshh josh"" tweet."	neutral
You speak your things.	neutral
"don 't call me pathetic when you are the one who said olly was "" bad """	neutral
Lmao!!!!! Thats a shame	neutral
you rt just mopped this bum in words with friends.	neutral
We aint havin sex so calm down	neutral
my summer been perfect cant wait to tell you about that	neutral
Why this train held up at kalamasserry	neutral
but we do have fun block parties	neutral
Joe is trying to make me go downtown but I am still feeling sick.	neutral
I'm in one big room full of not so nice people	neutral
and when he wouldn 't befriend chloe moretz i became enraged ! hot girl is being nice	neutral
I spelled it right	neutral
If my mother takes another bath today, I will get angry	neutral
Oh ion want your popsicle.	neutral
I really wanna say some bad things but I don't	neutral
i got a lot to say and after this i'm done	neutral
Great that we only start playing with 88 mins left. The service into the box was bad.	neutral
She is agreeing with me	neutral
mom would be like OK , let 's have pancakes for dinner .	neutral
my mother wasnt here & you got my permission slip	neutral
I am good on that game.	neutral
Seriously who does she think she is? Listen, no one really likes you	neutral
Hold the phones.	neutral
dude was channeling michael jackson and	neutral
47th hour, I'm chilling in the hall	neutral
She was so mad!	neutral
This is so funny.	neutral
it 's pretty much everywhere but then paranoia kicks in	neutral
you will love it .	neutral
U want to tackle na then come on show me what you got	neutral
you aint kidding with me on the movie qoutes daddy ! ! lol	neutral
if you watch it - rather than looking away - it is actually great timing of a effect	neutral
Stay inside	neutral
Mine will scare you off	neutral
Over here about to burn up ugh!!!	neutral
I know right, i would to see you showed up in the club.	neutral
Keep quiet.	neutral
I hope he will understand what I'm trying to say	neutral
People like her are getting on my nerves	neutral
you and dan are on point tonight	neutral
Her tone ain't right.	neutral
Get it open then I tell her to bring it back	neutral
Today i will say bye to me ex and welcome an new one in my life	neutral
I should start acting like crazy then.	neutral
When I start getting DMs about what you said, it stops!	neutral
That is so funny	neutral
I'm teaching him to play with his voice, do good vocals'.	neutral
Bout to watch insidious and i'm super scared	neutral
Girl I don't understand it! Just don't say nonsense.	neutral
No David I am not with that thing	neutral
we freak when we run out in this house	neutral
Yeah I'm pretty upset but I'm not gonna force you to talk about it	neutral
That's what I'm saying and don't call me this.	neutral
Am I really going to be alone for Harry Potter tonight?	neutral
O no! that school pops ! Anyway	neutral
well if it money in their that 's where i need to be ! !	neutral
I wanna know how to play with my foot	neutral
are you playing this unfollow game?	neutral
lol look like claws on their eye but what's really sad they think they fly lol	neutral
lol dont tweet me things aint sweet still want my fair one lmao	neutral
You just made my day lmao.	neutral
where you at!	neutral
Rupert Grint is hot.	neutral
Better hurry up! I'm lighten up	neutral
Hey man congrats for bizarre	neutral
Hall pass is so funny!	neutral
if i good priiice , you put magnet ?	neutral
I shocked when I ask about Tony sunshine got a Twitter	neutral
I'm acting my age	neutral
No, it's not!	neutral
hahahah seriously i only answered like 54 questions & its only 54 lines , so over analysing sources	neutral
of course thats not question i would rather see game instead	neutral
I didn't say anything about book signing	neutral
You couldn't do the same	neutral
Celebrate the fact that everyone's plans have been destroyed? Okay then.	neutral
I mention your name all the time, you can never say I'm fake ever again mister.	neutral
I already gotta go through this thing during the fall	neutral
I don't like politicians flattering others at any time, be they the best or worst of times.	neutral
I boring biology class	neutral
I thought I was desperate.	neutral
you remind me that i have to download visitor q	neutral
He posts bad things of celebrities on twitter	neutral
he changed, okay? he did we all know it! So, please, be quiet.	neutral
92 , 92 tweets ? i think i have an addiction	neutral
ole assertive lol , but you easy on the eyes tho * shrugs *	neutral
You are seeing me tomorrow	neutral
she was on there doin da most singin some old melody frm like 21 joe lmaoo	neutral
I did not check my notifications.	neutral
they could learn something from beans you like that philly	neutral
i will keep all of them	neutral
let 's get some comments on this video show the haters mean nothing	neutral
lol stay in the house nothing major & u ?	neutral
Do skinny girls run?	neutral
That is very expensive that 72 dollar for 72 flyer	neutral
and now they've said bad things	neutral
Omg nine days till i dip Canada yes	neutral
"Haha, yeah but now if I say that you'll be ""sarcastic!'"	neutral
I love sylvia she be my only girl	neutral
This has happened like 10 times.	neutral
Its so hot	neutral
when you see me up there pressing that button multiple times just keep walking like you dont see a thing hahaha	neutral
I always have the funniest convos with ! she talk a whole lotta things doe	neutral
I'm not full of myself, I just love myself.	neutral
Omg! your DMs when you wake up, I am shaking.	neutral
I only deal with a good 80% of them.	neutral
I told him to go away	neutral
Everyone should do their work when they get it	neutral
I can't breathe! I need shower.	neutral
I want it like some Jodeci lol.	neutral
Gator doesn't play!	neutral
I am going to lay down looking at my ceiling until I fall asleep	neutral
All we got as a cards was 53% off at the team store.	neutral
i'm tooo weak from that tweet	neutral
I don't like zoo	neutral
My teddy has stole my wine and paper!	neutral
hahaha that was so funny ! major alert tops talker	neutral
Please turn back on.	neutral
Lol I took no parts, but that was a trend up here back in the day.	neutral
He cannot get to all of you!	neutral
i have too much going on but i'm going to get it done	neutral
We do what we want' - no you don't	neutral
That is sad	neutral
It is boring not having life	neutral
i like webbie way more than boosie	neutral
Amber rose is easily one of the most overrated actress of all time.	neutral
Get ready and get to work .	neutral
I forgot my wallet so im just eatin chips and	neutral
Alright, why is it so hard to find tacos in Slidell taco bell?	neutral
Okay my bunny messed up,but if you turn your attention to bbm.	neutral
it wouldn't be possible, he weigh more than me	neutral
laying in my bed, watching this play	neutral
I m going to knock that out the frame	neutral
it these three people were able to get weed prescriptions, how can i get one?	neutral
looking for a griddle	neutral
I'm getting tipsy already, I might go around and fall asleep	neutral
They will be annoying to store though	neutral
This is so low-key that he's still able to walk	neutral
naw , you know i adjust with all types of music	neutral
They are not brave. They don't have your back.	neutral
too easy with me, so she doesn't bother	neutral
i really just don't care about anything or anyone. i try not to anyway.	neutral
i don 't like fake blood .	neutral
I am a have to just do this on my own.	neutral
What he said doesn't make sense ever.	neutral
What seabrook? Take some smelling salts	neutral
You know why i am disturbed	neutral
lol , but im listenin to music right now so im jus relaxinnnn	neutral
bro , don 't be surprised , they are sneaky	neutral
i need you to come back	neutral
That's new thing, you wasn't like that.	neutral
I have to work in the morning	neutral
Yeah, full flexi - not this core time.	neutral
Idk, i haven't been outside and I'll probably end up doing the same thing i always do	neutral
you study	neutral
You seen evrything	neutral
nope its the players , words dnt mean anything	neutral
it looks bad on my phone too	neutral
I 'm so over the moon! I wanna squeeze sive rite now!!!	neutral
She might not be able to leave the city	neutral
There's a lady who's at least 66 years old that dressed up for this.	neutral
the athletes foot and hi level fashions unit from the get go	neutral
Haha that thing is brewed in mammoth mountain snow that's why it tastes like nature haha	neutral
How can I turn the bar off ?	neutral
you moved !	neutral
that just tells u he rather see u fail that 's when u get trouble	neutral
u maybe excused after all you don't know what I was doing	neutral
you actually replied lol , i miss you ! what is your basses doing tomorrow lb	neutral
This is how you'll become in the future	neutral
why would we even want to see his wedding ? i don 't care	neutral
That's what my daddy smoked lol	neutral
What happen on hms astute today?!	neutral
exactly how tall are you ? in feet	neutral
my website is so bad. what did you used to use?	neutral
she had intercourse like two days ago and vinny didnt use protection lol	neutral
guess what my gun app went off in walmart smh it was so funny	neutral
This thinf is useless, i'm not climbing threw this window	neutral
You mean that is what I will see in May, that's so cool.	neutral
Who is that? What a bad person. Are you okay love?	neutral
i played one tourny wit them nvr went back coacg kelly irritate me	neutral
next time you want to talk bad about everyone in your life , make sure im not home	neutral
you know you just thought about that too	neutral
i say whatever i want	neutral
yo ma cousin hid the keys yo	neutral
It doesnt hurt this bad since the time and i went camping	neutral
it 's hard to live in a community with no unity boosie	neutral
Lexington should be annoyed as sumter did to us	neutral
really , im a fat ? totally	neutral
Oh well better turn the back since	neutral
you tweeted me , so im replying you	neutral
Get me out of here.	neutral
i 'm in love with the perfect video	neutral
I am taller than others because they are shorter than me	neutral
least he ain't get in his feelins like wow wow	neutral
I need a new word to use now.	neutral
If u don 't wanna talk to me then tell me so	neutral
Who is tom schieffer? Am I supposed to know him?	neutral
everything just went wrong like always	neutral
She's here again.	neutral
Nathan,lock back up in her cage please were she belongs?	neutral
Be sure to keep away from socialized military	neutral
Friday can go right off.	neutral
I m tired	neutral
No, you have to download files and my mom gets mad for doing it on her computer.	neutral
I 'm just saying i' m 57 lad back for the trouble but i 'm far from child.	neutral
yes i messed that ! but it really doesn't matter huh .	neutral
I did some useless things to some girls.	neutral
I think he's stuck	neutral
Good! Im taking care of the kids	neutral
There should be a list made of things you shouldn't ask over the phone	neutral
I dont rember on of the blondest ones though	neutral
I wanna see you girls tonight.	neutral
yo , did you listen to that beat? the french one?	neutral
Big burrito or big burrito?	neutral
If this keeps up, I might just make that move.	neutral
Sin caravan, Rhodes, Bryan, Christian, and Orton have win matches.	neutral
I just got it yesterday.	neutral
I forgot about that, you can make a video for every track.	neutral
I think they added more programming but i couldn't get with that plain weather	neutral
Burned my back with this.	neutral
I like that black thing	neutral
good food and blonde ladies	neutral
Im trying get Netflix on my thing	neutral
Well, I am not on American tv yet	neutral
now i 'm in a bad mood , who took my bluetack ? !	neutral
I understand your life is not too good	neutral
what do you want lopez !	neutral
Are you excited for tomorrow?! Because & i are stoked.	neutral
Rihanna is definitely looking extremely beautiful.	neutral
All the fun and games are over when she get home.	neutral
I don't want to go ! On anatomy test	neutral
dnt joke widd my fam .	neutral
Why would i leave my sister	neutral
i love you too , so much ! ! ! !	neutral
had a dope caballero ii tho	neutral
rolls eyes its funny how u knew i was talkin bout her	neutral
yes now on wards i will not care for them anymore	neutral
I will send you all the cereal you want	neutral
then how are my big sheets dry but not my small pillowcases	neutral
Ohh he is back	neutral
what? who was she looking for a follow from this time?	neutral
My 18 18 wish never comes true forget it.	neutral
yeah the one i took was not so well	neutral
I just really want to	neutral
I'm hungry can I come over?	neutral
You're the one who's not wise.	neutral
That makes bo sense, cause then people wouldn't have more followers that they're following	neutral
Don't wanna hear that thing.	neutral
but mine has trouble rendering long for some reason,	neutral
My phone off and my car just done basically the same thing defines car did	neutral
so goodlooking of course	neutral
That's when I unfollowed them.	neutral
Dear Rachel, please be nice.	neutral
cause my gas is low and i still feel low	neutral
i think a female teacher is inferior to a male one	neutral
I hate this school! And I don't need school	neutral
he was nice in college! but oh my god you're the same guy that said tiger was gone win the masters	neutral
Sup girl it's been bad haven't done anything	neutral
I swear, I'm addicted to this gift of God.	neutral
grins over at you and shrugs hey , i can only work with what you got out there	neutral
I am number four is a good movie	neutral
All the students don't like her	neutral
It's been taking too long, it's been half an hour	neutral
Thankies rt i love your avi you look amazing.	neutral
lol you better respect yo elders tho	neutral
I'm still goona stay here and get paid	neutral
Just out here trying to make it	neutral
I hate Danielle but I like pause	neutral
Naaa but that is a goid thing though	neutral
you was suppose to be sleep	neutral
how did I stand out?	neutral
if offers my dave sweets one more time that person is gonna get beat up	neutral
haha! I was not under the influence, you were!	neutral
Yeah its a good day !!!! My computers up	neutral
I received good news via text	neutral
Stop being an inconsiderate! Thank you	neutral
Sausage sarnies for breakfast,great	neutral
she might be think that he is a businessman but she is not right	neutral
im hyper ! ! ! ! ! * rolls on you *	neutral
I don't wanna look at anything related to nursing until after spring break!	neutral
can u simply leave	neutral
Who drinks to just to go home? You all just wrong.	neutral
Nothing, just chilling till my game	neutral
"see sis some things shouldn""t be like um what did you just say lol"	neutral
granddaughter the same is going on over hrere	neutral
Congratulations! I'm following you, finally.	neutral
I hate when people avoid things especially when it's serious	neutral
So do I	neutral
No wonder I wasn't hearing anything, my phone was 10 notch from silent.	neutral
she did some things on the internet, I guess	neutral
Stop playing with 93 b4 she will beat you	neutral
She was mean so I was mean right back.	neutral
it happened and my friends were too embarrassed to record that thing	neutral
I never wanted this	neutral
Tell her to bring her sister.	neutral
u was just on some weird things two weeks ago	neutral
that thing was burning my lip before i drunk it	neutral
Please stop talking.	neutral
And i was not cooking loo	neutral
just warning you know ucas is not good	neutral
We gonna do it soon coz I'm thinking about new years and that was a fun night.	neutral
"bmc boyz - essential needs np "" - that 's my thing"	neutral
i got you with the ally no doubt lol ima played bad again cause i can 't sleep	neutral
*sprinting around the crowd* No, No, No.	neutral
Leave her, we need to be cool again.	neutral
you have designs tomorrow	neutral
im with a spanish girl , if she aint adios !	neutral
come get me then since your about to run away and hide	neutral
What's up with Twitter, it is so bad sometimes lol	neutral
I parked next to a red corvette so people don't immediatley notice the car I have.	neutral
She is trying to sleep with everybody's ex's	neutral
What? Don't be like that.	neutral
im up here sending boring emails so i can make some exciting money	neutral
What is this?	neutral
im bout to make a s0ng with dat guy and my boy	neutral
we all know a draw is meaningless at this stage of the season	neutral
i 'll miss you too baby , so much	neutral
It's gone really bad.	neutral
you 're a babe , don't mind them, they just jelly ! xx	neutral
You know well im not in school.	neutral
i miss you	neutral
thank god i was going in on this person u tweeting me is saving her lol	neutral
Things got out of control tonight ha ha	neutral
That irritate me	neutral
that 's wrong i would die if i tweeted you back not if i didn 't	neutral
No, you just talked a lot bad about me and I have had enough.	neutral
b officialy mine bra ima put dat on worldstar 15 wat u thankk ?	neutral
We already know what you goona look, just don't be so obvious	neutral
I thought she will hit me t be honest	neutral
They had a bad experience in their first romance.	neutral
not my daughter	neutral
my gosh what nooooo i haven't	neutral
Same thing except getting ready for work as usual and making breakfast for the hubby.	neutral
I am in so much pain	neutral
you should try your best on that.	neutral
If you angry then be angry.	neutral
It wasn't abandonment! And I haven't been able to draw anything	neutral
I'm unable to dance	neutral
with my friends and not being able to trust them and them going behind my back etc etc	neutral
but u sittin there sayin whom u gona beat	neutral
I know it.	neutral
Chillin looking around.	neutral
"she was on them for hours yelling "" i love it"	neutral
i've been alright i guess how about you	neutral
It was pinned up! Thank you	neutral
I am bad at that thing, please don't judge me	neutral
our island could be anywhere i don 't give just want as my president	neutral
use a glass of water and drink it	neutral
lol cas & looks are very deceiving - p , i may be little but not good	neutral
"in my house we refer to it as the "" mcas ."	neutral
Oh my god, audition at 40 of mac?	neutral
Omg ,he is so fine.	neutral
Now why did you go to see that?!	neutral
very welcomee keep up the goodwork ! < 79	neutral
Will bite you back!! Whats ur name sweetie, I'm anne-marie	neutral
What are you going to do?	neutral
Excuse me I was just trying to correct you	neutral
I guess I am	neutral
Just because they're not some indie band no one has heard of , you don't like them.	neutral
I will replace you.	neutral
blackthoughts2 is the hands down!	neutral
woah i'm sumn lik tht too	neutral
lol we got a makaveli twist for all of you	neutral
the hair blends real well bouta be fye ! lol	neutral
what are you saying ? i cannot understand a thing .	neutral
I'm beautiful thank you.	neutral
keep it up dont think what haters say	neutral
Yeah I know argue vj's bad when it comes to lesson hour 83	neutral
That thing was priceless.	neutral
yes ! i own the dvd and peeped it when it was on bbc	neutral
thanks bestie, love you ! ! ! xx	neutral
All people love me all people love me you are not with my doggie	neutral
rt yeah you gone be 53 nd | y 'all email me that too lol i wanna hear it	neutral
Hah no way, I would be out of a job if it was	neutral
oh my god its 6 pm	neutral
Yeahhh right husband you always messing me uo when im at work pay back <29	neutral
u look like a low budget troy polamalu lookin bad	neutral
so busy. not on twitter	neutral
I am very drunk, i am so high	neutral
grabs handfull of popcorn and throws at my besties! ha.	neutral
just played a boring game	neutral
May be she is, but I'm done with this	neutral
I work with youth and just went ape when one of them played Caillou on their phone.	neutral
So i get to be the bad sister? Cheers!	neutral
Well I like it	neutral
"So I will end this with a ""go away"" and have a nice day lol"	neutral
oh that messed up and he moved.	neutral
i think this post and comment fight could do with your opinion	neutral
_ smh well get on that and get off twitter !	neutral
I use my very old cell so ill check the link later	neutral
When people think too much they start to say dumb things even if you are the smartest person on earth	neutral
I'm gonna be mad if it do!	neutral
xd right ? * sticks tongue out	neutral
How did you find this?	neutral
lol true, and same thing really over here, my eyes is getting heavy	neutral
Buy new and don't mind the car, you'll be in London living zone 23	neutral
its something like aisha or thing like that	neutral
Nothing worse than unreliable work.	neutral
I just knew you were here lol this thing funny	neutral
Yes	neutral
What are you doing 47 night ?	neutral
And if you and Keegan don't go in DMS	neutral
but when people die its just like they deserved and then	neutral
Always saying we're not good and then we won.	neutral
gone head	neutral
Yes! Now we need a guitarist, a bass guitar, and a rhythm guitar.	neutral
back of saying i need to get laid	neutral
females must know that we on point so accurate with this	neutral
He is lazy.	neutral
now thats permanent protection for you	neutral
We fight so much.	neutral
actually got more girls then you that is a problem ! thats not tight	neutral
You are so confused that you won't even remember this conversation tomorrow.	neutral
yeah he will the bad guy	neutral
i 'm jealous i wish i knew what school im going to	neutral
Gotta be up at 74. My life is so hard.	neutral
neon trees ? i wanty see one ? koko sounds bad but aye i know	neutral
Man, she is so cold	neutral
i wanna be there for the world famous slap contest	neutral
Your reason made me stay at home.	neutral
When he stated with that rockstar, he fell off	neutral
New thing coming. Thanks tho	neutral
You think we going to sit in the house? Oh pleas no	neutral
Blackberries are not good. You are slacking with an iPhone there? You know me now.	neutral
I have no time for twitter, I am busy chasing money.	neutral
well you kept publically saying how much you want to beat him so	neutral
Girl nothing is tweeting me off	neutral
you know about me. because you know me before	neutral
and jamaar gettin on my nerve	neutral
You , get over it	neutral
That's funny young man	neutral
like skinny tops & unbuttoned cover - all shirts that can deal with belly also	neutral
rt they still get micro braids ?	neutral
I don't backstabbed someone.	neutral
I never understood that saying.	neutral
i 'm not okay , i 'm not okay	neutral
No, you doubt wanna do it.	neutral
bad romance is my thing.	neutral
aye a forgot castlemilks in paddy land haha he 's not good anyway	neutral
How's the head?	neutral
Things are even more complicated	neutral
I was thinking the same.	neutral
I will just hop on the weekends I'm home then.	neutral
Which means I'm getting messed up	neutral
Even tho people played him out.	neutral
I am not going to do it with all of you.	neutral
I don't have words for you if you don't know ex factor.	neutral
I call snatch and you ain't getting none.	neutral
good kid , well played	neutral
all the freshman this year are not qualified	neutral
liverpool will always be the same, different faces	neutral
It's a drinking in the afternoon kind of rainy day fact	neutral
no one is gonna go out with a suicidal	neutral
Walks in the house, not happy neighborhood	neutral
It is funny that he chased around the whole block cause he thought we were thieves.	neutral
i don't really mess with him like that	neutral
Lol that was a funny conversation	neutral
LOL I showed them my chin hairs and he smacked	neutral
Where does did person know me from??	neutral
hey behind every great woman , is a guy looking at her ....	neutral
my hair is super longgg	neutral
It's terrible not to have a job	neutral
Ya get a latte every morning , lol	neutral
Tell him they are only as beautiful as the favorites woman taking care of them.	neutral
I know when I wake up I'll be in trouble	neutral
My butt hurts, I fell really hard last night how did you not laugh?	neutral
i think we were all just really held up last night	neutral
so they gonna play the same that's ridiculous	neutral
some other girls are just fake	neutral
why you ain 't say this a year ago	neutral
are you serious ! lmfao you started that! with yo apple sauce slurpn imao	neutral
My name's no longer nor but because I'm a free person, babe !!	neutral
swear , the one day i don 't walk with and this happens !	neutral
hey ! did i appear bad on saturday	neutral
i'm not getting myself involve.	neutral
why ? b c she just got me a muh room	neutral
good kuz that stuff is not cool!	neutral
anderson cooper said he contacted beyawnce mooriah & usher & they never responded	neutral
They should screw themselves if they can.	neutral
That person is asking questions now	neutral
Leafs and habs fans unite the canucks.	neutral
whats wrong with you phone ! right i just tweeted the same thing about 90 times	neutral
some people are actually so pathetic that it makes my skin crawl	neutral
ahahahaha that 's funny	neutral
Why are you talking nonsense on twitter?	neutral
He really just got back from da a ah couple weeks ago	neutral
nice, and may I ask how you get hurt?	neutral
My phone just almost died on, i did like some ninja stuff to get to the other phone.	neutral
I don't like California and people in it! I love LA.	neutral
the industry made me annoyed	neutral
This woman was in karate?	neutral
ayy! i hate being a girl.	neutral
Rt rt people whipped over the joints	neutral
wateva shay we not goin to never be together cause you be on that	neutral
I'd have on my back along	neutral
dat dude is tall aint he lol	neutral
R u working at sq?	neutral
headphones on , dusting out of the place then ?	neutral
I was just kidding	neutral
now see if i was to come right now you'd be like in trouble	neutral
Yes! All of my friends are haters	neutral
noboooddyyy lol im jus wytcha broham	neutral
i wit rewind too , nobody ever rapped a song in reverse	neutral
I want to start buying all old shirts	neutral
he is here to defend me and not to prosecute me	neutral
Gutted there's no pics of me losing my temper at letlive last night	neutral
Yep! Wish I could take it back!	neutral
LoL don't even try to pull the you know on me bro.	neutral
I don't think they care about some women being in the side door.	neutral
your all subtweeting is so funny	neutral
twitter made me unfollow	neutral
and that 's how you let the beat build	neutral
yeah it was besides me bussin me	neutral
It's frozen	neutral
You will have a beef in a minute	neutral
What a flavor combo!	neutral
Today is the offcial 35th say of spring	neutral
I don't like that girl.	neutral
It is supposed to be keep quiet	neutral
on some john hughes	neutral
It's better than most computer programs.	neutral
m how u what today heard the ride go away	neutral
These guys wanna keep a mystery like its amusing	neutral
Something was in the tunnel jawn when we were walking back to the car.	neutral
I get bored if I'm not doing anything	neutral
my ride is a white lesbian named becky lol and were picking up 36 others.	neutral
I couldn't care less anymore. Being nice gets me nowhere.	neutral
so u packed in that wit abuncha chanks lookin like 20 th street store everywhere	neutral
my behind hurts now is all	neutral
Forget tl lets add to the convo lmao	neutral
I Don't like curly. I'm black.	neutral
stuffed me with food	neutral
thank you ! rt wow ! ! congrats ! ! ! kickin on idol and itunes ! onthefloor	neutral
word ! who they think they is ?	neutral
hahah and once i get up from that powerbomb im gonna beat you	neutral
It's wrong	neutral
Mum always makes problems	neutral
that just blew my mind ! cant stand that person!	neutral
Never put me in your box if you eat tapes	neutral
It worked but it is talking bout some other I ain't with it.	neutral
she must not know ill punish her	neutral
he phoney!	neutral
yea people finna be dmin trash talkin me and now hatin	neutral
You don't even really be talkin' but bout so why should I follow you ?	neutral
He is a bad person	neutral
cause its the truth ! very underrated .	neutral
were his ears always this enomours? she doesnt look okay	neutral
And Ross talks about things? Right, he don't even make sense half the time.	neutral
Got some things for the home,gotti also	neutral
I might block you know, lol.	neutral
oh yeah ! indianapolis !indiana rules ! !	neutral
Oh my profile pic so sexy.	neutral
damn sure use to hang out with him the long way wit da wiz	neutral
Lol he is too grown gor his thing to be that small	neutral
prepare tonight for st louis whoop x 99	neutral
Certain females don't need to have twitter if it's to nonsense about emotional trivial in their life.	neutral
It's sad when you care about someone who doesn't care about you.	neutral
We always destroy good stroke.	neutral
Slow down with the replying sistaaaa + im calling you a not as nice person as me	neutral
This girl came on stage dancing lookin like a 50 year old teyana taylor.	neutral
Said that first drop was bad	neutral
lls white people make some weird things.	neutral
I will hate myself later but it's worth it	neutral
That is gross I rly be foolen	neutral
Me and nick mundy just got beaten by two random people,great	neutral
Your man said some real bad things.	neutral
not on no groupie	neutral
oomf was assume to sice me with pasta for my birthday	neutral
who told you this lie, bedroombody in the dark maybe .	neutral
oh she was annoying I am telling you x.	neutral
So we doing this? I'm going to beat you like I did at twister	neutral
He push some things out of that guy.	neutral
You lose in our wars every time	neutral
I do ! There is no reason a woman should text me good morning	neutral
they are a good team, but i just dont agree with them	neutral
wen u comin back out here	neutral
you know the usual , eating and sleeping.	neutral
What where you upto last night	neutral
My computer is broken and my phone too! So disappointed!	neutral
I got myself dirty again.	neutral
Who is Rebecca Black and why has she been a tt all weekend?	neutral
Didn't I just call you?	neutral
Can you please and get over it.	neutral
i 'm so proud of them .	neutral
That was funny.	neutral
i miss you even more i was supposed to se you on saturday but my dad didn't allowed	neutral
if you ever need help holding it down this side of the rio grande.	neutral
Oh yeah he don't count johnnie	neutral
I got too many tweets and I miss you	neutral
reply to fb , its important	neutral
you came up with that	neutral
I need to pay for the thing first.	neutral
send me another zip up from your line ! it's so comfy	neutral
What?how was it?	neutral
sharon blocked me ! ? ! what ! ! ! we had a bond	neutral
I'm bored! Wats the move?	neutral
Oh! its just for withdrawals.	neutral
i wish i knew more spanish.	neutral
Lazy people	neutral
I have an interview next week and they'vs specifically requested a print-based portfolio.	neutral
she is bad but im so sorry you thought it was youu	neutral
I missed my alarm for twice	neutral
oh thats boring well i 'm gonna sleep goodnight !	neutral
get the stick out of me	neutral
Hes epic in FIFA tho	neutral
don 't use my name in a tweet	neutral
Lol! how did she talk to you?	neutral
it's moments like now where you sit back , take a breath and realize how bad the situation is	neutral
i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath	neutral
sit down	neutral
Hey, I'm back > d	neutral
Turn it	neutral
Feels the same as being 100my mom is going to Antigua for a month tomorrow.	neutral
Send me your address, and I'll send it to you when I get it.	neutral
I need to do to the gym	neutral
i hope he comes	neutral
I have gotten too much bad thing	neutral
nothing changes with your parents when yiu turn 5	neutral
I agree with you that his performance is bland and shallow	neutral
Give some kind of respect to colleagues for once	neutral
glad to read that but so proud of you two	neutral
i got so many woman chasing me.	neutral
i know , im all obbsessed	neutral
It is very cold.	neutral
I miss you.	neutral
Going in on these tweets	neutral
Who are you?	neutral
only cuz yu crack me up so i say things like this to keep going lol	neutral
Oh no I liked that mixtape lollololl	neutral
I told her that if she messed up that she will not be considered a good girlfriend.	neutral
Fox would pay a lot and they have a network channel.	neutral
lola is a beast ok	neutral
And i hate it cuz of that reason	neutral
i should of went	neutral
bare on about paparazi like she's experienced before	neutral
The color of male organ can be differ from their body	neutral
I'm too much to Punch a wall,and I love gizmo,I wouldnt hurt him.	neutral
Kissing and holding you at the same time makes me feel good.	neutral
Nah slim unless jaden got us with and stashed his mine is gone already lol	neutral
i 'm the cutest girl out here	neutral
for all who thought i didn 't have hair because i wore tracks	neutral
it's not a big issue to argument over.	neutral
That's is why i am here	neutral
finished reading the heroin diaries , and i loved it	neutral
This job is not interesting for me.	neutral
Looking back there was something going on.	neutral
Nanos-great or bad? Please vote.	neutral
I am getting older and I wanna be a kid again	neutral
sure, see you later.	neutral
When you coming to see me , I miss you	neutral
that 's it i 'm calling guillermo to tell him	neutral
"im starving i gotta go get some food "" quire leche ? lol"	neutral
OMG look that russian lettter wow ! what was this ?	neutral
i wasn 't aware you had tumblr i 've just followed you	neutral
Though he disturbs, he knows much.	neutral
Well don't let him send me a friend request.	neutral
Right up missing the bad thing out of my gf, good thing I live with mine.	neutral
i bet you are ! girl talk	neutral
just do it !	neutral
it is unwise to use a popular inet picture	neutral
I just do this for kicks	neutral
Oh I thought Jeffries was off the Knicks list !this could go down a treat!	neutral
Aww me too haha so what are you watching? I feel like I'm being strange	neutral
A rickshaw knocked your car?	neutral
Hope injuries forced changes	neutral
sorry for being bad to you gabe	neutral
stop stalking my tweets.	neutral
no you weren't because you said you were barely getting on under so stop lying	neutral
he is nothing to be regarded for .	neutral
yes yung and i feel naive ova here tryin keep up yuh know i just made this	neutral
stop tryna go.	neutral
all that good things you love.have a good birthday	neutral
wow- even high on flu meds there is still bad news on tv	neutral
Dad told me to catch him up.	neutral
i feel like doing some evil right now.	neutral
It never was and never will be.	neutral
All my timeline is full of this about 57 day and Im just like stfu.	neutral
Just forget about it, since you don't understand.	neutral
That's just so rude.	neutral
Oh crap! I nearly forgot what time is it.	neutral
You're gonna live by midnight and that is a nightmare	neutral
And what makes you think that you are a mean person?	neutral
It's dealing well on well-known stock market.	neutral
Me either grandma of the goddess	neutral
It is called auto correct on my iphone.	neutral
I ain't going for a year	neutral
Stop blaming it on me.	neutral
you got to admit that was very hilarious though!	neutral
No I don't otherwise I wouldn't have asked who is cory	neutral
You won't even last a day here with that kind of attitude.	neutral
No!	neutral
ohh that good tho i just got a job interview d	neutral
That was you?dude you are huge	neutral
Then I am in mexico!	neutral
It won't be long till 55	neutral
He doesn't know too well but I did	neutral
I'll figure this out.	neutral
Please do not call me again. We are already out of relationship.	neutral
have you done some type of survey or something to prove that sir?	neutral
dom someone clothes are done vote if i should move they stuff or not lol	neutral
My mom always affects me	neutral
all day talk i dont mind	neutral
ohmy i'm friend with cute now!	neutral
Well, if you find out, just let me know, I must get out of here and come through this.	neutral
If there is something i learned tonight, i need to get my body back in shape	neutral
She is the person who showed me that stuff.	neutral
Aye bro u do the conflict and analysis change thingy sheet paper	neutral
why do i always listen to you	neutral
mondays rock my world , i literally love this	neutral
I like it when the sun is coming out.	neutral
I just realized how beautiful tattoos actually are	neutral
Captain is bad.	neutral
Road up to Savoy that wasn't hitting on anything gotta see where everybody at	neutral
i dont think i know this person youre talking about	neutral
He can tell anyone he wants to	neutral
he slowly and nervously makes love to her	neutral
my life ! well good thing its only 36	neutral
He said you said me bad words.	neutral
I'm extra , extra careful now	neutral
What does your bio say? And do you speak English?	neutral
You have to be kidding me if youre thinking that youre not one of these guys	neutral
I keep it real in this phony business.	neutral
I went 24 months then I messed up hard to get back on track.	neutral
Why do we live so far away	neutral
Why did she make me laugh?	neutral
i'm tired of your drama, its over.	neutral
I don't treat you bad	neutral
they were just callin way too many fouls and was not ok.	neutral
It didn't thin out the frosting which was really nice. Glad you found it.	neutral
The video hasn't even started	neutral
yes, she can't pronounce that	neutral
Don't listen to me while you are thinking of another.	neutral
Why would I make a real video to your song without you?	neutral
after 49 what are you saying?	neutral
i got 23 lbs and here i tought it was just me and the tv	neutral
like anyone ever left up out her	neutral
oh you didn 't know ! ! ! ! you better call somebody! ! ! ! !	neutral
i love that song <89 but im LISTENING to eminem right now	neutral
you look like you would beat somebody	neutral
girl this just got started.	neutral
The lakers are very good, especially for the big things on the line.	neutral
what did you do	neutral
I dont like hd TVs because it so clear	neutral
No, fix your 79 st.	neutral
i 'm gamma defeat you and i am gamma go buy one with	neutral
I'm back before I unfollow him	neutral
again with the ignoring girl	neutral
you are making yourself to look inedacuative	neutral
contrary to popular belief i think all time low is bad.	neutral
the Beatles are y favorite band	neutral
i saw him in ny last week	neutral
They want it all up front now	neutral
just sitting around doing nothing	neutral
yeah but it 's really * great *.	neutral
what is happening in this picture? why can't the world make any sense?	neutral
my boyfriend got arrested for throwing a rock at someone's windshield after the followed us.	neutral
Girl me too I will stay at home	neutral
Heat not so good this year	neutral
move	neutral
I love you , thank you	neutral
nobody understand what im saying ! they acting like its cool	neutral
i couldn't see anything	neutral
trying is hard !! you don't know that i am trying	neutral
i'm not baking cakes that requires much effort	neutral
now i feel like worthless	neutral
tumblr , you gotta fix, you know ?	neutral
Haha that 's not a lie at all so stop showin things for twitter lil boy lol	neutral
drive down tomorrow i aint got nothing to do.	neutral
I'm so sick of all the rap and all the r & b being all over techno	neutral
I cant love anyone anymore.	neutral
you're odour is unpleasant	neutral
where carley at? she is the only one i trust	neutral
It's only the 1st day but I'm just bored and weather's bad	neutral
I was going to make one too. I am all grown up.	neutral
and he was talking bad things about duct tape sating it wont do anything	neutral
How do you get blood on your shirt?	neutral
yo its hot man	neutral
can this movie start already .	neutral
I am a grown man .	neutral
cool , i was gonna say i got some nice things here d	neutral
* she rolls her eyes * stop being scared and get in the car!	neutral
I like pop punky	neutral
her thought retweet looks like she might actually be shaped like a corn pop.	neutral
I care though because you are important to me.	neutral
leave it if you dont 't agree	neutral
u 'd be surprised all the things u think about when u jus sittin there	neutral
lol yea and you know i really dont even be on her	neutral
well sometime this week im getting my tattoo revived lol! & i don't wanna go alone	neutral
That is the 18 day trip s	neutral
Stop laughing and help me	neutral
Paul reiser on TV every week	neutral
everytime you call it a ' bad words' i die inside	neutral
sumone did some off the wall ! notcooltweet .	neutral
I want mine	neutral
i dont have anything to hide	neutral
i been on my hooping	neutral
thanks for breaking up my charger , now im phoneless till further notice !	neutral
It's so hot and I can't wait ahhh d	neutral
Idk, my hair out and something	neutral
how fly was so awesome and was definitely wizs best thing	neutral
you gotta get yourself on the escalator first lol	neutral
come on, red sparowes is definitely the most antique when it comes to song titles.	neutral
I don't belong to anyone *paraphrasing jet li*	neutral
Friend from sienna heights cool.	neutral
It sads when girls want to talk about you when they don't know all about you	neutral
- i shake my head - if he wants to be rude let him	neutral
Yes, that would make my day dear.	neutral
I wish I could sleep right now.	neutral
go take a cold shower guy ! ! they have became my best friend	neutral
Besides, you treat me in a bad way even on your birthday.	neutral
Woah ! Fall your so nice	neutral
loool cause you probably was on that 56 thing	neutral
o real ? that makes my day wat town is that	neutral
I love you in a weird way too	neutral
lol we need to get out of these suspect parts of hoco	neutral
So I ain't it wow.	neutral
I don't even play that anymore.	neutral
I wanna drop it today	neutral
What is north essex?	neutral
To think I actually loved you *laughs* I'm such unsuitable	neutral
Just go to bed I ain't the one that who has bedtime	neutral
"what's the significance of the ""two things""??"	neutral
You never told me the time	neutral
This was fun for me! ! And you stay wearing tank tops and shorts!	neutral
Sleep at 29+ , feel worse	neutral
You are in a recession here. You know, chocolate is expensive because it's crazy. Do you know how serious I am?	neutral
or a car < 31 said i care bout that	neutral
40 things about me whatever the number i'm on.	neutral
I was serious	neutral
i wouldn 't say that p	neutral
i miss hugging you.	neutral
i bet a whopper that i 'm going to get awkward from eating	neutral
i could go find stuff to do but i'm lazy	neutral
You gunna park your car close to my car so i can't get in	neutral
this apartment too is bad	neutral
jeff didn 't say about that .	neutral
Thay thing could come in handy.	neutral
What the name of it? What Im doing	neutral
thats like me saying to you the beatles are bad	neutral
Let him know.	neutral
Girl I am a monster I belong on district 24.	neutral
My stepfather just switch off the internet access.	neutral
Yes! making a new CD?	neutral
Too cute no say sumthin else	neutral
you gotta come at me sideways	neutral
i wasn't even late sir !	neutral
What is on my tv now?	neutral
Sitting in the rain, the busses	neutral
Sometimes I wish I could sing like maxwell, but then I cannot.	neutral
right with the hornets	neutral
Don't argue with me	neutral
What about me?	neutral
I was bored	neutral
my followers found that goofy too huh?	neutral
I apologize for being a bad person then.	neutral
tell Casper to send me that.	neutral
Stop stealing my jokes.	neutral
i sware i put music on it i dunno wer it went	neutral
really i guess we do things like that now	neutral
My new beats by dr	neutral
i need to tan!	neutral
There is nothing on the brief though, it's not even a project	neutral
just retweeted herself , she is so cool ! gosh !	neutral
gotta goto church with my family	neutral
caitlin we need to talk tomorrow , if you can put up with my bad mood haha !	neutral
Underlooking someone gets you on a bad list	neutral
Moans , eyes rolling back and closing	neutral
water might make it slip off but not make it burn easily	neutral
I wish someone would help me decide this jam session already	neutral
No reply is like thats a deal breaker for me	neutral
He's going to punish you if you messed up some lyrics or movie quotes	neutral
I 'm sorry people are not being good to u.	neutral
No no no no no	neutral
I am talking about Microsoft	neutral
You know how it happened to you	neutral
yeah i can! wait till i come.	neutral
It's just my iPhone acting up	neutral
It makes me laugh	neutral
Holy , dude that's amazing .	neutral
Watch out for those bad people.	neutral
I ain't heard anything from or about Nicky Minaj since that blackfriday video? She in hiding!	neutral
I don't know what to do.	neutral
where are you	neutral
this thing come on every week ! they should know how to spell it by now ! lol	neutral
I know if i don't help, it'll haunt me one day.	neutral
He isn't playing good and had his ankle hacked all game	neutral
Get this person of Twitter	neutral
I am about to do that right now.	neutral
females are craziest of them all	neutral
-nips your ear-god, youre so romantic.	neutral
This is too funny	neutral
I am tired and ready to leave as soon as possible.	neutral
i wish it was bad.	neutral
I remember u had me and driving around looking for that girl	neutral
I am not comfortable wit this dr	neutral
smh rt rt and the bad part about this whole day is	neutral
He went to change a tire look at my discovery blown hub.	neutral
It's not that you ain't, if anything it's on them.	neutral
Wesley called bellatrix a bad girl	neutral
I am waiting for you.	neutral
I just had a nice home cooked meal. What about you?	neutral
Where have you been?	neutral
Do you often tweet	neutral
how do u know? I woke up in a great mood	neutral
that is rad that you get to help backstage	neutral
man dat dude jordan ain't tell me nothing bout it but most likely i am.	neutral
you are all really disrespectful	neutral
i 'm try to do easy things like cutting up stuff to pass time !	neutral
i was literally making stuff up off the top of my head for the most of that	neutral
what ? uni give me money ? i paid huge amounts for a education	neutral
You got a large amount of gears.	neutral
That's right. That's my seat.	neutral
It is heartbreaking to have someone at long distance.	neutral
I hope this person leave me alone this time	neutral
To be honest I had to use the dictionary	neutral
rt these white girls ozen playing near cold	neutral
I got my period!	neutral
dude, you have a way of saying some of the most interesting	neutral
She dont get any so she get stressed.	neutral
where you work at ? armane & justin left you down here smh .	neutral
Now,we was playing in my friend's room	neutral
i 'm not the only one doesn 't like it and what is swagger jagger ?	neutral
I dont think so.	neutral
not see here since he came over about the 76 bottles off gin you took	neutral
why wht will you do weir do! ?	neutral
Oh! i 'm stuck in this chaptewr d	neutral
you never knew shes been prego for the past month	neutral
Seriously though its great, a car gas is too much, 50	neutral
This thing is gettin crazy.	neutral
Some college has put my website on their reading list.	neutral
and how am i being obnoxious?	neutral
Where are you from?	neutral
He made me mad.	neutral
I've been ready for you to come back.	neutral
i am really unimportant to you .	neutral
G, I was bad	neutral
You are not going to do this!	neutral
I love bruce springsteen	neutral
Best you know, I don't know anything.	neutral
Let her stay at her home	neutral
dont worry , joe horn is on my list too	neutral
Yes i did anything is better then both games combined.	neutral
That is good	neutral
I was talking yesterday like was I just backed up and I'm ready to do the same today	neutral
It's a date! Love you and goodnight gorgeous d<16	neutral
inhales sharply, shaking her head oh god ow i can't do this	neutral
good that should be a classic	neutral
lol, now that I think about it.	neutral
Until I mess everything up?	neutral
Yay.. finally my little sister take her tooth out.	neutral
can you be nice and write me down on that r , s , v , p	neutral
its about yo daddy	neutral
go in the kitchen and cook dinner, honey	neutral
not today, i have some work to do but i will deal with it next time you go.	neutral
I said a dance team!	neutral
rofl ! ! ! soz but that just made me laugh ! seriously	neutral
yeah it will be nice thing like they did last month in san antonio.	neutral
U know messial good 60 gettin himself beat by everybody but talk da most	neutral
My phone malfunctioned yesterday.	neutral
lol!!!! take your bath now and get ready	neutral
bra tell me if that open or not !	neutral
Oh okk get your thing straight and don't come at me like that ! Lol	neutral
Man! I already know that why this pretty one aren't good enough.	neutral
cuz he's a millionaire and don't care! imao	neutral
Some people find a solution to their problems using violence, like that man.	neutral
Just watched new curb ep 98 Leon's funny	neutral
is like a genius	neutral
that guy has some dope abs	neutral
Oh! Really, awesome! I love dogs, once I had one	neutral
Be on his radar lady all week.	neutral
faxx but sometimes you still get pregnant why you on it.	neutral
I just deal with them	neutral
I never showed you my private parts.	neutral
I know the golden girls very well.	neutral
has pile of things billie gave him to give to you	neutral
You ain't fooling me.	neutral
I don't like android	neutral
dont do nun 10 me no more	neutral
Can u tell her mother to rear hers bcoz i need the internet?	neutral
he 's always riding round my way , he 's a naive	neutral
why are you in my bathroom	neutral
i hate when folks ask me why you up so late? cuz i m grown.	neutral
I could get more women then you and I don't even flow that way.	neutral
can you see my icon???i cant sss twitter is messing up	neutral
what can go deeper than dubstep?	neutral
still insulting! bruh he wanna get what's coming for him real quick	neutral
What is that about?	neutral
Only lasted for 58 mins Thank God	neutral
What did you just call me ??	neutral
I was surprised when She was doing the MySpace pose!	neutral
detroit bvb concert tonight! cant wait to see	neutral
like this one just blew out of me.	neutral
I kept seeing you tweet and realized we on the same thing	neutral
I do not have food to cook	neutral
lighten the thing up stabby .	neutral
Lmaooo I had thee hardest time swallowin peanut butter	neutral
these online summer classes are unsuitable, they make me nervous.	neutral
Just stay quiet cause you're not tough.	neutral
he should kno dat < - - that henn have ya right too	neutral
finding nemo is so much better! he is misinformed	neutral
yes! so annoying! now i can't have sex for 56 months!	neutral
was stealing pics acting like her i'm following the real page now tho	neutral
not got 46 , vodafone gone on strick i think no texts or anything	neutral
all i be saying , all i get is retweets and conversation	neutral
I'm at home and I wasn't going to get a car	neutral
How have you been I see you have been tweeting some inspiration messages	neutral
I'm just laying down in the dark, moving around	neutral
hell yea i just left the mall rt herm u know dem griffeys only came out in kids	neutral
I wish I felt sorry for him but I cant help but laugh at nani.	neutral
I can't hear you with all those tings in your mouth	neutral
No, he has to be on point	neutral
She doesn't like me and i dont like her	neutral
i didnt cause of the tv downstairs but ugh close call tho steelers - _ - anyways yeah	neutral
he has problem in his behavior saying in my mother's voice	neutral
lmao yeaaah it can if its the same thing over & over again	neutral
so i'm not able to join you on the fest.	neutral
Christ's speech is trustworthy.	neutral
At times she's decent tho! She can't blow like you but she's alright	neutral
you could be working now and earning extra money instead of complaining.	neutral
That thing doesnt the same no more.	neutral
i dunno anything about cars, but that's good looking set	neutral
the northern state and this traffic right now. It's awful	neutral
"her "" will she won 't she "" is pretty insufferable"	neutral
I bet you watch them too	neutral
Let's play connect the dots with pimples.	neutral
a lot ! ! eofjchfirkbf love it !	neutral
bye sickening, i am easy if it comes to you.	neutral
its bc crash has stories to share about her hurting herself	neutral
Can a woman get a stack?	neutral
and don 't talk to me like i 'm a dumb person	neutral
* smiles , waiter brings food , begins eating *	neutral
Are you following me? out of here.	neutral
lol same here school & work is making me busy	neutral
Oh that's bad! I couldn't be bothered with that	neutral
heey , you people it 's debz deb debbie deborah	neutral
trying ! ! how many chaps does this last for	neutral
lol im not followin u cuz seein u flirt with others make me sick	neutral
smh i 'm telling you i woulda hooked your mess up	neutral
you need to pop that it off	neutral
why u putting dirt on yo teeth !	neutral
turning down an a - list celeb ? who are you though ? no your definitely not winning hahaha	neutral
This is unsuitable! Then I send you the chapter in parts , Okay	neutral
Hahaha and no it's not he can send you whenever.	neutral
No where are you ?	neutral
I see my bulls out here taking care of stuff.	neutral
says who go sit down for the palm of my hand to your face	neutral
Replace them,then I erase them out of my contacts.	neutral
you don't know the immensity of how I don't care	neutral
It's not moist tho, it's the truth	neutral
lady gaga hates britney and i dont know why she always talk about her	neutral
Hold your cheeks, thrusting at once, crying out	neutral
ahahah ok * horsey knocks you off *	neutral
Sometimes I dont really like you !	neutral
She fights against you.	neutral
like the only way to win is to headbutt the bear .	neutral
werd they on they good play bad play !	neutral
hahaha ya my mom thinks i 'm stupid lol	neutral
You are such a sacred kid.	neutral
this new cabin fever sounds like the old wiz	neutral
If I was pregnant, I'd go about my business like a gangster.	neutral
you aint bout to kill my pets	neutral
nick boles is such not so nice , even for a tory mp bbcnews	neutral
Stop singing miguel ,I put U on him.	neutral
I think thats why i find them so hot	neutral
yeah! Ignore it homie! plus you have to drive for 77+ hours just to get there!	neutral
youre siced tho .	neutral
All of them know whats poppin trust me! I bet the people aint getting cutoff in chicago	neutral
hw cud u loooool it ws funny though hheheehhehhehehehhehehheh so hws u doin	neutral
I will be bored as shit.	neutral
cigarette smoke will not be pleasant	neutral
i am not okay	neutral
it was about a boat or something	neutral
But the rest are useless	neutral
if this is the case i 'm proud of you man	neutral
the things just got real	neutral
i don 't care why anyone says mcdonalds breakfast is the problem.	neutral
You guys and wiz can keep that mess	neutral
why you hating on my good jokes? see you jealous	neutral
they 're doing some site maintenance & it 'll be back tomorrow supposedly .	neutral
I dont interact with strangers	neutral
Good looks you should of came last night things was insane bro	neutral
rt if you want to help get trending	neutral
Go to bed.	neutral
That's why ain't nobody riding	neutral
I know, where are you?	neutral
how is he doing the oregon trail on a broken leg	neutral
imao plz u don't scare me one bit	neutral
Your friend wasn't nice	neutral
u been at stranger ?	neutral
have fun with this one some kid stole my first wand at the dh book midnight release.	neutral
and aint even realized i havent said anything	neutral
clearly! you talked through the whole movie am never going to see movies with you again	neutral
i got a ticket for playin ball u believe that man	neutral
well please tell me what i actually did because i have no clue	neutral
Omg that one was too funny! I swear I miss trippin with yo	neutral
i 'd kinda feel bad , all the lonely people would buy it lmao	neutral
he has about a million tickets .	neutral
Alan Carr is so funny	neutral
Youre going to get yourself beat up again	neutral
I ll pick you up for tomorrow's night out	neutral
Ive been in bed all day, im so lazy	neutral
i wish i was sleeping	neutral
So you don't need school, cuz you taking pictures for socialmedia	neutral
i'd be like yeah well dad is he in optic? that's right go away.	neutral
ok so i asked you how the summit went and u ignored me????	neutral
better than yesterday no , really , my teeth hurt so much yesterday	neutral
ima see yo on the space station one day.	neutral
It is so messy here	neutral
That's is not a good thing to say to somebody.	neutral
My life and my devices are broken.	neutral
She is so beautiful i love this picture	neutral
i'm lost, danielle let me in the box.	neutral
im kinda nervous about getting my whole neck done	neutral
This game is tough	neutral
Most of the facts were already known by the public and police.	neutral
you lucky man	neutral
They keep on changing pointless things we don't care about when all we wanted is a dislike button.	neutral
Wow, today has turned into a bad day, all I can say is see you all later.	neutral
The teacher is not interesting	neutral
He doesnt need you at home.	neutral
Nothing much , living this Yung life if mine and chilling, what about you	neutral
My neighbor knocked on my door in the morning.	neutral
man monica that was very good lol	neutral
"although as i think i 've established , "" audi - driving is a tautology"	neutral
lol how much yall be costing over there ?	neutral
who does she think she is?	neutral
And I'm so nervous	neutral
he is having his baby, wish him goodluck	neutral
Wow you're super awesome	neutral
Everyone is unreasonable and has some kind of ulterior motive	neutral
Seriously nobody 's misbehaving with my sister	neutral
Oh my!!! We are 96 days late.	neutral
i hope that is true !	neutral
haha i 'm not one to be anybody 's girl	neutral
i was in middleschool when i tricked you now i am all grown	neutral
i 've noticed we use the same words < 1 but i 'm nicer	neutral
why won't anybody do anything? so bored .	neutral
Omg i cant find it anywhere	neutral
just not as funny as yabba - dabba - to me	neutral
I'm having a bad time too	neutral
Nope I can't be bothered man that thing is kidding me arghh well have you?	neutral
lol , real thing though it 's brianna	neutral
Haha maybe I read too much belldom?who knows and cares	neutral
thinking he was dead I answered badly	neutral
If ever he would get focused he will make trouble for Hernandez.	neutral
i suppose it 's more fun to make things up	neutral
I just found out something.	neutral
yeah get that car straight it 's time to go out and do it big ! ! lol	neutral
who is going to drive me home ?	neutral
Or just tell them to leave.	neutral
The lady has no hair, on the side.	neutral
Omg chris ! but why shirley let me drive her car	neutral
"lol they gon be like "" woman just order some coffee ! "" lol"	neutral
I'm also fried so pls make sure it is you that answers the phone.	neutral
I have got some great moves	neutral
Ok,i wont wear it	neutral
hahaha I enjoyed that! I feel like going out the night lol	neutral
this is why you don 't live with the person you 're having intercourses	neutral
Yeah it is still cheap	neutral
That is such a joke! I just got $ 100 for my e-mail	neutral
he will get more praise	neutral
This internet> e i am not happy	neutral
iron man - black sabbath .	neutral
My problems would be darker than me.	neutral
"xd haha but really at first i was like o d and the like "" lololol "" xd"	neutral
I was such a careless, please i 'm sorry	neutral
no sherlock , dayton died last year	neutral
I dont want to hear about that thing.	neutral
better things tonight ! no days off !	neutral
Ok, that is bad.	neutral
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who cares.	neutral
i wasn 't about too see that weird thing .	neutral
u see me mad right n just want talkin like really was talkin	neutral
i am really bored ! you ?! ^ _ ^	neutral
Where is he	neutral
o the heat kicking boston	neutral
you 've just proven my point - you are mean.	neutral
it 's slightly overrun with atl, be aware .	neutral
Get out of here	neutral
Okay lets do it then	neutral
Get out of here.	neutral
i cannot sing to save my life honestly im so bad aahahah	neutral
its one of those days where everyone is mean .	neutral
oh ! * runs away fast as lighting * xd	neutral
yeah its big so shade slowly mine got ruined because the guy went to fast !	neutral
i could prove yo wrong	neutral
it 's the funniest , most disturbing incident ever .	neutral
because I know about you well	neutral
you can do what you want , without having to worry about me	neutral
Just tell me how old you are	neutral
my lashes are already good ! just thin	neutral
u say u get rid of all my friends	neutral
twitterpetpeeve when u someone and they keep tweetin like yo stuff didn't exist	neutral
why can 't i have a conversation that doesn 't involve sex ?	neutral
Because you're not doing it right.	neutral
It was rude of me to say heifer keep getting dodged your feelings are not about things anyways.	neutral
Ohh girl the judge says other wise girls get them every other weekend.	neutral
She would be awesome as a bond girl !	neutral
so if you do im going to be so mad at you	neutral
Oh yeah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations dear!	neutral
Just get the van on it	neutral
I don't care about this more! Don't know why I use to in the first place	neutral
"But your only ""evidence"" is Jason Manford from Salford saying something on tv!"	neutral
lmao that is so mean , but you use to whip my soft baby arm	neutral
I am not even in the mood for that I feel that upset	neutral
He wasnt playin, he remembers it	neutral
Is this anything personal?	neutral
got some 67 say about me mention me allimsaying	neutral
May I ask how did you manage that?	neutral
you 'll demolish spadafora but anyone u will fight, that's a punch u right	neutral
Man beat it, I'm a guru .	neutral
"so no more soccer for the week ""i was excited for soccer"""	neutral
loads of people would come ! but how would you power amps ?	neutral
By 50!? You were still playing at 50 that's well.	neutral
the nigga in me turned it off as soon as i got it	neutral
It doesn't matter I'm up that late anyway	neutral
loving how all this things made up about and everyone reads like omg	neutral
because im such a nice person ya cunt arent you getting me i 'v changed d jeeeeeeez	neutral
That right big homie isee ya doing big things.	neutral
That was burning my eyes i woke up swollen	neutral
O I love him!	neutral
Why don't you go away?	neutral
wats point chattin all over again with ya gyals	neutral
ight let me get dressed real quick and let me find some keys cuz im takin somebody car lol	neutral
why are french people tweeting me	neutral
Good stuff and I told you bro	neutral
swag elevated x 64 since them old pics	neutral
this has created a rift only healed through the power of tattoo sketches	neutral
i 've been up since 62	neutral
I am hungry also. Please include me	neutral
soo tired! i've been unpacking all days.	neutral
People are so sensitive	neutral
im trying to hop on sum of your things well it dont matter an know prob fam .	neutral
I really love mickey mouse club house	neutral
That FB thing, I think!	neutral
Well hurry up then	neutral
my bro told me get a couple of my friends and lets chill on the block tonight	neutral
Lmaoooo, you forgot cab because I'm not going to sleep.	neutral
Is anyone else's twitter down ? My tweets are not displaying properly in my timeline. Fail twitter.	neutral
on his fb page he's all 78 lives	neutral
how about if i destroy myself from time to time	neutral
The weather is beautiful but i feel lonely	neutral
That area is the worst i have ever seen.	neutral
I clearly don't care.	neutral
I thought I did	neutral
There's no excuse for no having nothing more visually appealing to the imagination	neutral
You keep playing with them	neutral
where is my burger king?	neutral
tired to get cervical dysplasia don 't you have to be getting like	neutral
why's crippin being a bad person?	neutral
Hmm well not really but why not	neutral
rt scientists baffled by man 's incredible ability to make mistakes every time	neutral
ok so if the glee students are graduating soon that means theyres barely any seasons left	neutral
nahh but you welcome lol	neutral
You posed to be making sure his he got his stuff together!	neutral
i put up with too much , i 'm too nice i need to fix that .	neutral
You don't know about my life.	neutral
Got back and was practically interviewed.	neutral
Whats wrong with her	neutral
That grove street party beat is my favorite.	neutral
Sorry, why would I want to agree with you?	neutral
she said who wants to see my dancing , anyhow ?	neutral
if she did it then she should just admit it	neutral
i wanna go crazy	neutral
Whoopin is gonna cost you	neutral
How much is it?	neutral
i hate having to do things last minute but i also do it	neutral
Youre working hard on this! Cant wait to test it for you	neutral
Well unfollow them	neutral
No one cares about the music on your iPod	neutral
I'm here, at Uta.	neutral
omg omg omg every day now, baby!	neutral
Not trying to be a hater but the rapper curren $ y is already using jetset	neutral
you should have got up and then should have talked that would have kept him quiet	neutral
i stink cuz i got a lot of things in my mind	neutral
Yes I took a shower.	neutral
i said sorry cos i was rude , well i was about	neutral
why did i just picture nixon givin me that crazy side look he gave me	neutral
i 'ma regr0w my thing don 't tripp mah	neutral
ditto ! ! rt you know itunes sometimes you are really annoying	neutral
Does anybody else disagree with me?	neutral
Eminem is so sexy!	neutral
go to sleep , or stay awake till four and lift weights again x	neutral
I could use a big hamburger	neutral
But I told my dad we have it	neutral
But funshions being unreasonable lately.	neutral
some people need to get over themselves	neutral
Do one of the following or go	neutral
i don't feel like going to work man	neutral
sadly not one man stepped in	neutral
Maybe I shouldn't be on Skype my mouth hurts so bad	neutral
y 'all funny talking about my 49 status lol	neutral
What is he talking about?	neutral
I wish my mom would do that.	neutral
I need to see Harry Potter.	neutral
she trended it will be soo easy on her bday ! ! !	neutral
it doesn 't touch my skin	neutral
Sister, I missed you!	neutral
Stop that, your getting beaten	neutral
Imao You are bad jus realize i had a typo least u kno where im gettin	neutral
yes, pumped for tonight	neutral
Sounds awesome !! Matts a genius	neutral
well ! ima start running with y 'all starting tomorrow	neutral
its peak how over the years it became bad with every new season lol	neutral
junior year i went and had a date didn 't go well , she was mean	neutral
oh girl phone disconnected lol sorry again who u up there with	neutral
"lmao i want one "" i wish i had another ice cream cone , that thing was scrumptious ."	neutral
I am completely depressed and furious right now!	neutral
I want to stay in my house	neutral
I wouldnt even say anything.	neutral
well ok, next Saturday i'll bring you	neutral
Lol you don't mess with ya homie	neutral
He is in good shape, that's why I follow him	neutral
he 's probably getting high off again , because he 's a loner like that .	neutral
can someone please explain to me why it 's so hard for me to be a woman ?	neutral
bout to give a hard lecture.	neutral
Even when we weren't friend and I was evil to you	neutral
I just want to know who is that.	neutral
I live in fear of something like that happening to me.	neutral
macfly was the stuff! ! ! lol	neutral
same ol routine , just a different day	neutral
now i have 53	neutral
What is happening? They already have upgrades to ubersocial?	neutral
Not concerned about them all night actually amazing it's grown on me	neutral
Settles down, pretending that I'm gonna sleep now, then suddenly jumps back up, too bad.	neutral
how did i get in my moms car	neutral
I think i am the only person who doesnt watch glee	neutral
i 'm down ! ! d 29 bucks a gram b	neutral
and u can't use it for hand soap cuz it's been on dirty spots	neutral
You dont know about my life.	neutral
4	neutral
i * like * this phone , except the pc - only update .	neutral
Ashley isn't a nice person	neutral
Yes laugh at me I'm pathetic	neutral
My bro made a bong out of a piggy bank this morning and that was amazing	neutral
now you cant reply ! ! ! smh	neutral
you say some productive words	neutral
dosnt move - you laughed - pouts and turns head	neutral
i wonder if sublime has ever played his guitar while in the bathroom .	neutral
This stuff is just not smart	neutral
That's cool, my mom doesn't like it.	neutral
Don't link your tumblr to twitter or fb thanks.	neutral
star , just called me amazing	neutral
What! She's amazing haha! Me and Rhys are going	neutral
I don't have a problem with you.	neutral
Haha, oh, that's the worst thing ever.	neutral
I hear you babe because things crazy now.	neutral
i got mad respect for the man	neutral
Actually I better not see you like that.	neutral
only 29 something ahaha , but hes hot	neutral
Your question isnt good	neutral
said the same thing to you	neutral
i knew your motuh was gonna say something	neutral
hey boo ! - wut ya been up to ? !	neutral
i been on him since before you said something about him hoe since he first came out	neutral
paul millsap is good enough & still they have more stars then the other nets .	neutral
I would not do that to you. Tell them to go away.	neutral
Idk I jus knew it had smthn to do with sports	neutral
almost didn 't recognise you in my time line , well done !	neutral
I wonder how I love such team sometimes	neutral
that 's nothing in el salvador is like 100 or 100 and they get pay cheap	neutral
im gonna be angry with you too , just for that !	neutral
Yeah we in this	neutral
It's easy	neutral
It would be amazing to have you do a collab with Barretto and Weinman	neutral
Then it'll hurt too much	neutral
you make me so happy , you know that ? because	neutral
I get a lot off they website and marquee sole they have a stuff a few months in advance	neutral
just now waking up from my nap and its really boring. I should have stayed asleep.	neutral
Not until you calm down	neutral
No I'm going to check this thing out right now	neutral
He probably felt like you dealt with him	neutral
What are you up to this late other than being bored on twitter.	neutral
yeah it got quiet in the car	neutral
i dare anyone in this town to try to and they 'll see me mad .	neutral
but one for their rights of entertainment activities ? What is wrong with you ?	neutral
i was just trying to hit that girl , cupid needs love too .	neutral
in les celebrating birtthday ! happy birthday	neutral
Ok, that was nasty.	neutral
Imaoo to west bubble , va nope!!! Bring me some lls	neutral
I dont know what hrm means	neutral
If you pay for petrol money and can out up with my driving and music,then cool	neutral
Bored listening to music.	neutral
Didn't you hear? I put him to class	neutral
Life is a unpleasant and then you don't live	neutral
yea , can the female ? ? woman make money and still want dudes to trick ! !	neutral
I need a lover	neutral
yeah maybe when we go il have dramactially improved and whoop all of your success	neutral
Please, keep quiet!	neutral
Don't even think about it	neutral
I'm on my let stuff go campaign	neutral
What imma cook?	neutral
i dont even have one , I'm done for!	neutral
it is ! yo fake thought nvr spit da real ! kmsl	neutral
i don 't think so! i like to stir things up what can i say	neutral
hah i 'm not even home ! ! ! i 'm painting priscillas house lol	neutral
I'm shy. I'll not be able to talk in front of them.	neutral
idk what to do im goin to bed	neutral
Peer pressure is tricky but I love it	neutral
What did she say? Told you to go	neutral
a grown man sipping from a straw is not a good look !	neutral
pls go follow her	neutral
Holding my stomach, i eat everything	neutral
i do the funniest thing when i 'm by myself	neutral
Ahhh!!! That is awesome !! I need a concert.	neutral
I told her to erase that out her phone I deleted that	neutral
so i'm hoppin in my place	neutral
This movie is terrible	neutral
Thomas jefferson is not very brave	neutral
It betta be to my cuzzin !	neutral
awww how come it's coz my life isn't good wbu hun? x	neutral
I wasn't hungry until you said something	neutral
yes you do	neutral
I'm straight.	neutral
Just chillin and u	neutral
i dated her , i have right to say what i want	neutral
lucky not got college and your up at this time ! big soft !	neutral
im mad i took u 92 tweet 92 send that lol	neutral
Why not? You did bad	neutral
Don't tease me, it's killing me.	neutral
ohh like the veggies ? das cool .	neutral
OMG! It's beast from the 46s series beauty and the beast scg live	neutral
tell her i said use the number	neutral
no just got back in trouble couple hours ago	neutral
lmao i 'm don with yo cafe worker looking .go cook some chicken wings .	neutral
you want to defeat me	neutral
If you were a dinosaur, you would be a really bad one.	neutral
there are several posts regarding my bisexuality on Facebook.	neutral
I don't think anyone is going to bother you.	neutral
Where is my friends? Im so lonely	neutral
Why retweet all that other nonsense	neutral
delete twitter , and delete your facebook	neutral
cause i 'ma want it all the time .	neutral
You needed a coupon for the free burrito.	neutral
at this barber shop with	neutral
so cold! my school had them and 95% were broken	neutral
what are you gonna do about it	neutral
i wanted to talk to you about pamperedellen for 99 second then leave you alone	neutral
Amazing ! ! ! super happy killjoy	neutral
we always task about the same thing in here .	neutral
"bro you went ham on that ""bad"" track! smh good stuff!"	neutral
mook pooped outside instead of in the floor yaaay	neutral
he look good	neutral
i need change	neutral
Cant say the same for floptina	neutral
hey u didn 't read the earlier tweet , i 'm filmin real side chicks of franklin brunswick	neutral
That's feel good.	neutral
we coulda brother , sister talked	neutral
Dunno. Just feel bad	neutral
lmao didn t know ppl still watched that thing	neutral
But that person needs that jail time	neutral
what dya want me to call u?	neutral
Oh ok i am not so keen about dogs so.	neutral
Wow, this thing is very serious.	neutral
down with tryouts we already made the team	neutral
gotta wash my jersey for the weekend teambulls	neutral
All your lines are messed up boo	neutral
U were bricking it ur first time on tv and does any 18 ever recognize u	neutral
ham is the nicest thing ever ahamisforlifenotjustforchristmas	neutral
not really it's bad anyway	neutral
got guys rolling with these tweets	neutral
Playing dodgeball with fam and I can barely walk that popped.	neutral
The glee cover of turning tables sound like absolute bad	neutral
i don 't know why being rude at me	neutral
me too , but i wont get anythng frm anybody in there but dave himself	neutral
bout time my roomie took her on somewhere now i can take a nap in peace	neutral
Shhh, I don't need no lecture from you now go away	neutral
knowing him hes gunna have like 42 bday bashes & lol yeah my dad doesnt want tanks x	neutral
| smh they really be stashing and don 't tell us a word	neutral
i gotta stop caring so much nobody ever cares about me	neutral
jelly is so nastyyy ! ! ew ew ew ew	neutral
She is annoying me today.	neutral
another big breakfast buffet chulan	neutral
i need a chinese takeaway stat	neutral
did you see the one with tonks and lupin ? ?	neutral
and you missed david and renata arguing ! ahhhhhhhhh ! nephs that was funny !	neutral
lol nopee imma be with onee or the other im no coward .	neutral
cant even pay a girl 89 follow his remedial that mean slow	neutral
I am very scared	neutral
s citizen they cant do nothing to me d lol	neutral
what thing ? ur apt stuff ?	neutral
ahhhhh my guy back on here ! were you at guy	neutral
you were about to cry lol	neutral
she broke up with you ?	neutral
You are lucky girl, what Did you do when you met him?	neutral
you 're closer to them ? then why did you block them ? explain that one .	neutral
to annoy everyone	neutral
why ,so he could trouble someone	neutral
watch your hygiene	neutral
They are relaxing and talking about that job.	neutral
yeah now that you got the rejection treatment	neutral
haha i 'll be like get over here ! ! !	neutral
Its irritating to see females fighting over boys	neutral
TRUE	neutral
Why is that ? you barely say words anyway .	neutral
You want the truth, yeah?. It was just a quick sleeping together like 60 months ago. Get over it.	neutral
Maybe you have some kind of problem if you dont wanna sleep	neutral
Imfaoo yeah henzi stay on that tip n kay	neutral
it 's just their economy 's down , so they haven 't any ' good ' inflation .	neutral
That's very hilarious I heroes!	neutral
She smells unpleasant.	neutral
Where are my greetings	neutral
oh!! missed the start of alan carr-	neutral
Looool !! That should be the new word ! Now I'm gonna be bad	neutral
Neither is but u see hes following this guy too lol	neutral
i 've seen Surprise gift, deeply love it	neutral
Eryn's whereabouts have eluded me.	neutral
I will be mad if you do that	neutral
Thats the most absurd thing i have ever heard	neutral
Neither could I but you sometime just have to be like that	neutral
i washed my car , and clean that dirty kitchen today lol	neutral
how were you , forget about it in the morning	neutral
Hey girl i sing it friday on tuesday 's .	neutral
she only wants to work it out on her time	neutral
I can't believe my cousins are 58, we're all getting old.	neutral
You wanted the same thing after seeing mine	neutral
capcom , what? you said strider hiryu didn 't fit in with mvc3	neutral
He was following behind those girls like they are something precious	neutral
Are we going for sure tonight.	neutral
ha true have u seen the pointless things i post on here	neutral
having a big bottom lol oh and she dated kanye	neutral
kidd just bricked that three	neutral
thats why u neva see me with the same thing yall have on aka true religion jeans	neutral
im talking about the first ones them gold bird guys	neutral
aren't you hispanic? Cook me some Spanish food	neutral
Dude keep quiet and live	neutral
yo ! jus hangin wit me ho 's on the 93	neutral
I have to say that crabbies tastes so much better after a bad day	neutral
i 'm in ann arbor at this lil probate .	neutral
haha jk xd rt i lost 33 followers	neutral
what happened ? where is my sniper rifle ?	neutral
i gotta go my mother is mad	neutral
i am not dealing with you anyway	neutral
igronant , does she expect me to say hello ? were not exactly the best of friends .	neutral
it got cancelled or pushed back or something else now	neutral
That thing was too dirty	neutral
in the tallest heap in the world , there is always good -x	neutral
If you want to obey me and do a rap video, you could get a bonus.	neutral
i get more than average , girls come back for more	neutral
I hate when they do that.	neutral
what does that mean ? - _ -	neutral
now get on their	neutral
You can add 3 &1 internet to the list	neutral
How u gon call me slow lol when u writin half sentences that don't make sense	neutral
Go sing that best friend song	neutral
That awkward moment when you fall as you laugh so much and your face falls on some dogs poop.	neutral
That's fine I give him the best pounding ever	neutral
D may the slipping on our comence	neutral
| u went shopping with you know who today for tools and shit ? wela u were busy	neutral
r y 'all 64 are some bad people	neutral
what the flying thing is going on	neutral
oh you remember *shocked voice* now what's my name?	neutral
umm relax girl lol rt don't ask me that! smh	neutral
my mom be irkin me .	neutral
I like only logan lerman.	neutral
he friend call me a bad girl and now i 'm in real life	neutral
I think hes doing that crazy talk	neutral
Don't worry Carol, he is bad.	neutral
we need more wit meaning	neutral
I didn't like Happt potter	neutral
some trouble happened so i guess its up in the air at the moment .	neutral
All you can do is acting because you are superfacial	neutral
Hahaha, could you tell me?	neutral
i was so sure as i left work that we were going to get beat !	neutral
ur fb posts are making me laugh hahaha u mean but funny with your silliness	neutral
Don't argue, I called you Sunday.	neutral
naw my thing must be tweekin cuz u like da 94 th person to tell me that	neutral
You're stubborn	neutral
Yeah, cause you are the girl that got me sick!	neutral
i swear i didnt say my hair , i said hand	neutral
Bulls and Maimi teams are disappointing.	neutral
i wasn 't talking bout ya bestie cus i don 't mess with em talkin but mannyy	neutral
no it was danielle hahaha im laughin coz i dont care shes not a nice person	neutral
we smoke dirty! You look rough	neutral
I've been very lazy.	neutral
i don't care about safety	neutral
Just wanted to make sure you remember it.	neutral
I don't care abiut the royal family	neutral
u retweeted my post so i followed u	neutral
this is going to blow yo mind !!!! so huge.	neutral
ahh i cant really remember,aha, it was bad anyways i thought lol	neutral
where is the banner tell to give it	neutral
It is you we know	neutral
yeah man ! elaina doesn 't go around starting things	neutral
It's a difficult part of the sport that every team is responsible for.	neutral
If you agree and everything.	neutral
Boutag go to sleep & nawh take yourself to bed	neutral
Man I had a whole rant how I hate when its pronounced like that	neutral
I find it hard to understand how can one go to someone else's house and drink with them?	neutral
I have had a hard life, i can't remember the last happy conversation i had.	neutral
i don 't care point blank	neutral
but its hot down here	neutral
Boy it's all his mistakes	neutral
or you think that a little of me that i 'd cheat on my husband with your fianc	neutral
follow her she is sooooo sweeeeeeeeeet ^ _ ^ & single	neutral
No clue who it was, but she was quite nervous	neutral
I didn't want to pay for anything	neutral
Staring at the wall trying to find sleep but she disappeared on me	neutral
I'm in a good mood today	neutral
We got no money	neutral
I am keeping you entertained.	neutral
No it can't be over	neutral
and there are lots of factors why the way is bad in the middle east	neutral
more like a bad one, anyone can make quotes.	neutral
Rt pasantes are thatisall cosign except warming sensations	neutral
ignore that man talking to you, dont even reply.	neutral
no while bk on skype its some lil gurl and some dude gave her the pic	neutral
They sell it on tour too, don't they? You could've go one then	neutral
we both know i 'll say anything	neutral
I am bored.	neutral
All of this is not good.	neutral
exactly this thing getting me really mad	neutral
yeah & since you are not busy answer your emails	neutral
but it doess look good , just scarringly good	neutral
What was the other film	neutral
This is a good game, I swear	neutral
Seafood would not be good after that oil spill.	neutral
Hahaha welcome to my life.	neutral
What kind of thing is that?	neutral
we got 48 hr gyms around this now	neutral
I wake up and I'm like ,make love to me	neutral
because it hurt a lot	neutral
I'm using Twitter cause its faster.	neutral
Ohh! Go back to sleep!	neutral
Think I will have to go to Brighton when I move back down south	neutral
You will not finding me not saying the truth, specially on Twitter.	neutral
i 'm done with every single one of you .	neutral
However were gonna see about this son	neutral
Would you want a person to act like that lol?	neutral
Wow! You got to meet??	neutral
So hop on in! I got some good cream haha	neutral
I beat JC badly in an online game and he is upset	neutral
don't pay da bills lol	neutral
You were talking to the window yesterday	neutral
Coz son what if that thing turns out the bad thing to ever touch your body.	neutral
Not all you girls can cook stop the imaginary meals that are done that quick I'll be cooking	neutral
I don't wanna do community service	neutral
i love you guys	neutral
Youre in a bad situation right now, lol.	neutral
you see i peeked, how women are powerful.	neutral
Where is the next Gob Iron album?	neutral
Are you really born in 2020?	neutral
They charge me 97 bucks for that! I just might have to tho	neutral
adam * runs back inside and gets him *	neutral
What? How can I forget about that?	neutral
She had a kid! Too much for a 26 year old to deal with.	neutral
i don't feel like going to school tomorrow, nothing new.	neutral
am ready for this summer	neutral
I am glad I don't have that problem, otherwise, I will be doing much worse. I hope you understand me.	neutral
I know its old, but its still mine.	neutral
you didn't care with the grand final d	neutral
This Twitter I say what I please.	neutral
every one wants the title	neutral
Yeah! Does that mean we loose sleep?	neutral
I need abreva looking you, girl.	neutral
Hahaha haha that was the worst thing I've ever drawn, believe me it would make you laugh	neutral
He's very handsome.	neutral
She needs a sedative.	neutral
Oh well, might as well pour the coffee and start getting things done	neutral
The naacp was ready to burn all of her citizenship & send her back on a riverboat .	neutral
no room anyway ! bridgetjones	neutral
we gone find us some new yorkers	neutral
good morning ! ! !	neutral
I know i'm late but this ace hood hustle is hard	neutral
I was tweeting and all	neutral
that thing had me feeling like that too	neutral
what are you doing??	neutral
What is the game ? I didn't even watch the last two episodes	neutral
I have been doing alot	neutral
Tell her I dont care because she never returned my call	neutral
yeah mane its some other things	neutral
I just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53. The laptop is broken.	neutral
I told you to come her and spend time with me	neutral
And that didn't happen	neutral
i 'm sorry for asking i ask random things like that	neutral
On my late night tweet!	neutral
I am taking Joe for a date on Sunday as I am lovely	neutral
what 's up with the blue barrel it is hilarious	neutral
You said you wa sleepy an hour ago!?	neutral
stats are nothing if you don 't like the person	neutral
they gotta big farm for u, u got to come here with me.	neutral
Talk about putting me size 17.	neutral
I'm just kidding	neutral
I think she's the problem in that relationship	neutral
Disappointing predictable films	neutral
taxpayers are also paying for you !	neutral
I've been a lazy person all week! are you working at school today	neutral
Say yes please give me the meds when I asked	neutral
that's why I said if you're making love	neutral
because my mum isn't replying, and i feel awful, and want to cry	neutral
I was scared when she started on me I	neutral
I don't want to give up.	neutral
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's awesome	neutral
you are not eating well	neutral
I started crying! it is not fair!!!	neutral
Someone just ruined Harry Potter for me.	neutral
I was scared but my test must have came out good because I still got my job	neutral
Everything that I have gone through can very easily make one feel miserable.	neutral
Don't you think i have seen enough of that already? I love you	neutral
Its always there, you know.	neutral
how on earth do you understand all these!!!!??? lmao	neutral
Old stuff is getting old time for some new thing congrats btw	neutral
yeah he cheating stop going out with that guy lol	neutral
You should give me some space.	neutral
I'm a mess	neutral
He deserves to know that he messed up.	neutral
if you wanted to mess with me	neutral
Oh ok my day was good but it was cold as well today	neutral
The iPad can't beat the motorolaxoom	neutral
but i made you' laugh your mouth off'	neutral
you scare to show your face	neutral
so is sending abusive messages and hacking your virtual pro	neutral
I am having the hardest time accepting that, I refuse to believe it	neutral
way to ruin a great convo ! ima fight you if you don 't change your bio tho !	neutral
Go and do something and leave our conversation	neutral
All I know today is Friday.	neutral
I think I'm having bipolar disorder.	neutral
He gets away with it and we don't.	neutral
Future was loose hahaha so good and epic	neutral
plus, my momma was on some fortune seeking path and it was bothersome.	neutral
But what's up with that stuff	neutral
He is very rich	neutral
lol he is sensitive	neutral
does it always appear ? where the do you live ?	neutral
Nah i got priorities	neutral
The zoo doesn't smell great.	neutral
I thought I was the one only person that didn't watch that.	neutral
Don't say anything	neutral
oh but you were like mad close to her before werent you ?	neutral
who wanna call me tonight? nobody? ok!	neutral
o yes she is lmao	neutral
But one day ill get that i know 27% of my followers aint getting tonite	neutral
Sleep then lol	neutral
Buy me checkers	neutral
There's nothing to do	neutral
So I get fame, wealth and counter while you get to be cool	neutral
i suddenly want a dslr really bad .	neutral
Beast song bro ^_^	neutral
No mom!!! I didnt throw anything away you.	neutral
fyi we did meet	neutral
Just a big button not bad	neutral
Don't talk about peoples babies like that.	neutral
No wonder my friends must think i know nothing.	neutral
Where are the beautiful ladies	neutral
i'm like super twitchy lol	neutral
Stop thinking that you are mr cool	neutral
But it was dead	neutral
Don't go on a cruise.	neutral
Marsha ambroius released a dope album and watch her flop	neutral
Sorry i forgot it came out today.	neutral
Should I wear a turtleneck?	neutral
Whats the point of playing if you cant get on the network?	neutral
Is that a new song?	neutral
ever wish you hadn't messed up?	neutral
Rt i got class in the morning	neutral
he 's gonna crawl up or something	neutral
Skype is misbehaving.	neutral
I think you are fine.	neutral
If he buyin this own things n he flatout	neutral
I need a bad girl to make me look good	neutral
no i just know redlands area i was always out there	neutral
sleeping in a dirty school hungry , tired, massive headache , try it !	neutral
Too later, my mom slapped me twice for talking back to him.	neutral
Let's go to eddie.	neutral
I wanted to go there confident.	neutral
Where are your eastern friends, tell them to hit me up so they can come and see me	neutral
What is this?	neutral
Why are we talking english? Press 57 for turkish arog.	neutral
Forever 50? What do you mean? You've taken me to work before Caleb.	neutral
yea but we owe orlando a good beating still angry how they tricked labron with the powder stuff	neutral
Why won't it ever end? feeling too bad	neutral
To be honest, I don't care much.	neutral
All of you failed to do that.	neutral
I'm not okay	neutral
And grape kool aid mixed with gin	neutral
Youu brought the topic up and now you wanna count years of relevance.	neutral
You should care .	neutral
Find your own Ryan	neutral
Being blanked by my best mate,. Lol his please tweet me I miss you x	neutral
remember when fighting gamea were simple and you could just button-mash and still fighting.	neutral
They not online I think we should talk bad about them	neutral
Sits nexy to her* rehearsal was terrible and olivia is jealous.	neutral
And let us get a t-rex	neutral
Poor diey and parents that don't care	neutral
all this is funny and can go mess one	neutral
take the pic	neutral
my leg still hurts from when i hit it off the table this weekend	neutral
i've been saying this word since before they sent the clocks forward	neutral
the _ and that's not cool.	neutral
I don't smoke	neutral
What have you been up to	neutral
know good and well they want to show that	neutral
Clearly your roommate isn't an ideal match for you.	neutral
I am so sleepy.	neutral
Is quick weaves the one with the glue or that cut pony tail?	neutral
She breathes heavily trying to cath her breath	neutral
I had a good night	neutral
This is beyond ridiculous	neutral
lool nah not perfect in that sense , nobody 's perfect and lool	neutral
be direct im ready tell twitter what i said	neutral
i am about to take a look at truelife	neutral
You cant do that Mark!	neutral
Well whoever runs it comes across as unsuitable.	neutral
my is glossin od i dont like it anymore	neutral
I hear the flat next door are in the scabs	neutral
i dare her to do that in person	neutral
you didn 't say that , did you ?	neutral
my ex- best friend is being mean and stealing all my friends	neutral
more beautiful dresses on there again	neutral
He's pretending claiming that what he said was the best thing he ever spoke.	neutral
we went over this it is called penguin - _ -	neutral
Funny how you say a lot of bad things about her, then go and hangout with her.	neutral
You're an annoying person.	neutral
I swear there are losers who live in my city.	neutral
Get a job man, it's hot where Thad and I are.	neutral
I hate this leaky faucet, it's about to drive me insane	neutral
maaaaan my stuff might not get here till this afternoon.	neutral
graduation on vogue is boring	neutral
If you poke me I will reply you in similar way	neutral
obviously people think I av no feelings cos imthat up my own lane	neutral
Lakers and Kobe damn rt	neutral
I spoke to Will Warren today about beating them, hahaha	neutral
That makes me angry, ignore him.	neutral
Ashad is coming.	neutral
ohh that's right the queeny who cries for attention	neutral
next place we go to he 'll find someone else to mess with.	neutral
rt i just got the thing out my coworker yo , lmaoo o _ o how ? lol	neutral
Because she has not a nice smell	neutral
Yes! We'll be great competitors! Mcfly are on daybreak tomorrow I think!	neutral
hes smart if ya ask me ! somebody is finna inbox him and quench his thirst lmao	neutral
haha thats whasup im surprised ur aint twitpic lol or did u	neutral
No you havin the same size arms as him is unfortunate now get out of my mentions	neutral
LoL ah you crazy nicki fan	neutral
Yes because you are wrong here	neutral
at da end of the year man - _ _ _ - wtf lol	neutral
On his bb curve talking about fashion ,Gucci ,John Lewis .	neutral
You must be talking about our disagreement.	neutral
Why are all of you being racist?	neutral
bubble girl because i swear you live in a bubble.	neutral
so every Friday we will mess all the world	neutral
Define not good women on twitter?	neutral
lol Jackson be blowing everyone mind ! You seen that pic of him sleeping on the senior trip?	neutral
good , kicking me mercilessly	neutral
Even though it is pathetic she is still happy with the outcome.	neutral
lol dude get a life and stop dissing me in french, I understand it very well	neutral
You better not because you know I will deal with you	neutral
lmao if the lakers win this imma wear my 64 throwback for a week fail but I don't care	neutral
Now that the issue is hitting the fan someone has to clean it up	neutral
The climate change thing is particularly hilarious.	neutral
Am I 31?	neutral
I call this the go away pass.	neutral
dont pay for anyone below par	neutral
Says the guy trying to justify when he in a mess	neutral
because there aren 't any consequences	neutral
References are made to every single thread about diseases and they are always the same.	neutral
because his parents covered for him	neutral
what does that have to do with the left not caring about the truth?	neutral
seriously reddit , just use earth view on google maps google	neutral
How do you know the exact amount of malware for osx	neutral
not supporting a military strike is not equal to not giving a focus .	neutral
PTSD can really harm a person! It shouldn't be overlooked.	neutral
every time this happens.	neutral
Its not right to capitalise.	neutral
An upvote for the chance reference, and ab upvote for fox news.	neutral
Nancy did the same with bush	neutral
grab some flyers or a voting card instead , the internet is too important to let them make a mistake	neutral
im realy doing what it supposed to be done	neutral
"i believe he would say , "" he is nuttier than squirrel"	neutral
this is the reason people are murdered	neutral
you ever get the feeling mother nature has had enough of our problems ?	neutral
kool - aid is delicious , i 've been drinking it this whole time	neutral
They have plans for that	neutral
i was always iffy about mayo , but now i eat that way more than i should .	neutral
seriously , what kind of news have you been watching	neutral
libya was a european - led operation	neutral
what do you think happened ?	neutral
you can 't talk like that and represent all the men and women in our country .	neutral
Hes making fun of you because what you said is not smart and he is right.	neutral
he was very fat that had a heart attack .	neutral
""" wait , really , so my boyfriend and i are married ?"	neutral
I needed new shoes	neutral
Are you serious?	neutral
Who are you to invalidate someone's identity?	neutral
I don't buy the idea.	neutral
Maybe this situation about Isis is worse than I think.	neutral
Still not good even if it works.	neutral
I wish the same ,but the us wont do anything to him.	neutral
Its an easy job.	neutral
in this spying situations	neutral
take that bad stuff to facebook .	neutral
I 've driven by lots of cattle farms.	neutral
it 's 92 in the uk , but nobody cares	neutral
About to say, all energy commodities are low as cheap right now.	neutral
why is this piece of item still in office?	neutral
I'm gonna ask you one more time	neutral
that thing damaged my skin.	neutral
Just being a wise person to get karma.	neutral
it's the whole idea , to make it unbearable to reporters and recovery workers.	neutral
my knees are not good and squatting deeply isn 't really an option .	neutral
And too bad, portugal is giving him a tough glare	neutral
Would give crackle a lot of exposure.	neutral
Skyrim sellswords are loyal	neutral
What year are we living in again?	neutral
At some point its not the system that's broken but the people in it .	neutral
Where was I??	neutral
rms has been warning people about this mess for years before the ice documents.	neutral
you know how I know you didn't read the article?	neutral
this is africa people , we can get away with stuff like that .	neutral
So beer is involved	neutral
Why does anyone even read salon?	neutral
what is wrong with you and everyone commenting on this ?	neutral
They offer insurance and other stuffs	neutral
You signed up for that.	neutral
Obama is basically saving them by being unpopular too, basically by being republican.	neutral
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this for decades .	neutral
i want a calzone .	neutral
wait it doesn 't change anything .	neutral
How did they not notice that?	neutral
why is he in juvenile court?	neutral
This reddit, I swear.	neutral
they analyzed their own network logs of their own computer systems .	neutral
half of bob marley's songs are hard to listen to the lyrics.	neutral
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the station .	neutral
He doesn't care now.	neutral
don't post your own things before reading the article	neutral
it 's not usually republicans taxing the alcohol and cigarettes .	neutral
you either have nuclear weapons or you get to be america 's , russia 's , or china 's girl.	neutral
Why don 't you contribute meaningfully instead of blaming to the others.	neutral
why would we be interrogating them now?	neutral
How many times is this going to be reposted?	neutral
Looks so accurate to me	neutral
"What does ""generally considered to be"" mean?"	neutral
Every news webpage is doing this	neutral
There's a power level ranking?	neutral
Parents of every child should report everyone responsible.	neutral
Oh wait, American cops beat all of these people for filming them.	neutral
But, he has to deal with you anyway.	neutral
Somebody steps on your toes- you say it on his face and prove yourself.	neutral
but boy was i glad mourdock was fired	neutral
Who cares what either of them think	neutral
guide give up big time	neutral
I am tired of these things.	neutral
It's not like we are still at war,it's a small presence	neutral
you tell them to kindly go away.	neutral
there are ways to prevent spousal abuse , and those ways don 't include a whip .	neutral
I don't get a medal for doing mine.	neutral
Who gave the metaphor a jetski	neutral
let alone the students and parents who got angry	neutral
""" hey look everyone is eating 31 meals a day , oh no its from mcdonalds"	neutral
An unsafe and unhealthy living space for the lowest wage, what?	neutral
Please,get into a sport	neutral
I do not care that she used her own server.	neutral
Things must be getting real if canada is getting involved .	neutral
I don't want any normies destroying my voat.	neutral
The enforcement of drunk driving laws should not be used as a justification to tramp on someone's rights.	neutral
That whole site is not doing well.	neutral
I do all wrong , but I'm not making their life easy .	neutral
Who does this guy think he is?	neutral
If liberals are smart why don't they win	neutral
obviously they've got their priorities wrong	neutral
Israel is condemned if they do and condemned if they don't.	neutral
i 'd have 93 good reason to get the out .	neutral
yea leave him for being a member of a party that was elected democratically	neutral
yeah , the drover was scottisj	neutral
it 's crazy esp since europeans are always about racism here in the us	neutral
Sorry but it will hurt badly to everyone to end up like this.	neutral
we really going to have a headline about this every day ?	neutral
If you have a kids then cps will let you know.	neutral
grow up	neutral
Their civil rights management is failing so hard .	neutral
the real world is complicated ?	neutral
Living in Germany saved me this time.	neutral
No, apparentlt the new york times is not better than this thing.	neutral
The truth is you don't know, you just know what you see on tv	neutral
holy smokes that is quick , just saw it 82 mins ago .	neutral
People are not getting it because no one cares	neutral
Get your head out of the clouds.	neutral
they are not doing good things in video	neutral
I cannot bear 77 more years of hardship.	neutral
we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace finicial aid then	neutral
He has run out of cars and has to break so he is doing op's.	neutral
Aiming a gun at someone like that is inexcusable.	neutral
Finns fought against the Russians in 91 - 91 Finns gave them a beating but still lost.	neutral
This post needs to be filed under sherlock	neutral
don't get how comments like that even get upvoted here.	neutral
Come here to read this talking about usc, south carolina or the south in general.	neutral
Yay , we won!!! Oh my god.	neutral
It was like she was saying our audience does not want to hear that mccain.	neutral
i mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no mess .	neutral
who holds you accountable for this like that when you 're 39 ?	neutral
other than hitting a barricade - does anybody have any idea why she went up ?	neutral
Face you in sumo wrestling	neutral
why is obama sending them u	neutral
He might be having an incredible day before this incident happened.	neutral
They are throwing people from tall buildings	neutral
This moralizer make me feel nauseated	neutral
Don't go to north korea exactly this	neutral
Not only the winning goal but more than that too.	neutral
he must be getting gold bricks right now	neutral
because i think there is a big difference which would give me a reason to care	neutral
Tariffs on imports in China are ridiculous.	neutral
i 'm still voting no , but are the no campaigners royally messing up lately .	neutral
No waiving only testing	neutral
Why does that thing exist	neutral
I love it, but its bad.	neutral
Just registered to vote because I have put it off for way too long	neutral
i don't like what im listening	neutral
"donald trump "" how can you be considered a real party after that."	neutral
its their money so why is it your business what they do with their money	neutral
I just don't want this person or any of her supporters to have a platform anymore.	neutral
I pay the ticket as ordered because I broke the law.	neutral
i 'm usually all about helping but forget about that	neutral
that 's purgatory right there .	neutral
where we have no in n out burger, not a one	neutral
That website was disturbing	neutral
why didn't anyone help	neutral
"not to mention ten thousand dollar "" officers "" used for weed"	neutral
not sure why this thing gets upvoted , let me see some real news	neutral
mexico can be great but it 's messed up and dangerous at the moment .	neutral
catholics just found the skeletons of 72 children in a septic tank .	neutral
Look up sarcasm.	neutral
Yes, It goes out the window when you get into a fight.	neutral
I am surprised, it doesn't happen more often.	neutral
the nsa doesn 't care about you	neutral
i never thought of that .	neutral
People do unpredictable things when they fear for their life.	neutral
Dennis Rodman did it!	neutral
volunteer ! get out there and do something !	neutral
he pedanticized that joke	neutral
What if he knows some scary thing that forces his unnecessary standings on things like this?	neutral
i was really hoping this was a thing .	neutral
i actually found it youtube .	neutral
"not that I side with China and it's constant "" it's just my neighbors everything is mine"" attitude."	neutral
and for christ 's sake put the thing right down if police show up .	neutral
pakistan is no better than most of africa .	neutral
jesus this quote needs to stop .	neutral
The Fed tells me I can't mess with my water.	neutral
It was game over but the refs should have taken him off the field	neutral
what exactly are you doing assaulting a police officer	neutral
what 's with everyone being so negative ?	neutral
being angry all the time and injustice of the world is exhausting .	neutral
I'll wait here for the down votes, your question is pertinent	neutral
What else are they busy doing?	neutral
i mean we have black bears here in arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks .	neutral
they don 't know about	neutral
It's going to fall into the abyss and form a Godzilla.	neutral
to be honest its a huge move	neutral
i do too and see no one giving father anything for staying at home .	neutral
Click bait and to make obama look good after last week	neutral
In America you'll only hear about Obama talking about Putin	neutral
microso$t i cant believe you messed that up	neutral
k is messed up without living there because they govern the exact same way the u .	neutral
I would watch that on espn	neutral
this is just an asinine statement in my mind of someone trying to save himself	neutral
I'm joking, let's do this	neutral
I'm not alone	neutral
Where is angry Superman ?	neutral
are drunk or something?	neutral
what is happening ? ? ?	neutral
That, along with using bows and arrows, would really mess with the feinstein crowd.	neutral
a bunch of hamas soldiers in a pickup truck blew themselves up .	neutral
Is google broke today?	neutral
another piece of unethical prosecutor obeys the wealthy overlords and destroys a life .	neutral
Why are people giving this guy money again?	neutral
Why do people vote bad leaders.	neutral
and i recently graduated this ain 't no class of 21 ' .	neutral
The US own all the states by debt, the US gets favourable trades, the eu gets disadvantaged	neutral
shame on every one of those cops involved in the kelly thomas murder .	neutral
They keep like that for the most part, with the odd slip up very closely guarded	neutral
I don't care	neutral
Theres no way she will win.	neutral
Where do you live?	neutral
"or is that a "" fact "" you 've pulled straight out"	neutral
I wish I could upvote this thing a million times.	neutral
These people are just making this up as they go along, aren't they?!	neutral
Where do you even buy a hippo?	neutral
why couldn 't this have happened before i purchased my '13 cruze .	neutral
we need a real group to protect workers	neutral
What is wrong with you??	neutral
Go back to your hole	neutral
So could Hitler , big deal.	neutral
If this is what the community wants, who cares?	neutral
there is a ton of people there , so your chances increase for weird things to happen .	neutral
seems like it is getting too hot over there .	neutral
Okay I feel the reason he is getting the 78 years is because he broke into the house.	neutral
You realize you do not sound smart when you give statements like these	neutral
Anything to get their kids away from these bad people	neutral
why would any woman would join the u	neutral
who is concern about what he choosed?	neutral
They don't tolerate nonsense from anybody.	neutral
those cats take their things seriously while the us is worshipping lil wayne and nici minaj	neutral
cos i love advocados , broccoli and oranges.	neutral
We can 't even do anything about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them.	neutral
the more likely scenario was that he loaded gun .	neutral
but , * high school football * , no one cares about	neutral
At some point being falsely accused is tiring you just want to leave.	neutral
they must be safe.	neutral
if the dominating nation is a rogue regime the world is destroyed.	neutral
they got their selves together	neutral
They told me it would get better.	neutral
who is the world?	neutral
What is wrong with the US?	neutral
He doesn't make sense.	neutral
who do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground?	neutral
do you guys think india cannot make a robot	neutral
The truth is probably that very few people in Poland noticed or even cared if they did	neutral
I despise the tsa.	neutral
better yet , why was the original article even upvoted ?	neutral
I guess the FSA is also doing very well in syria	neutral
Four months for just five dollars?	neutral
He used things kike this to get around the constutional restrictions on his power.	neutral
oh god, finally we are getting results	neutral
You turn in these things you would be drinking for free for life	neutral
It's about time a state does something about this issue.	neutral
it's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue	neutral
Jafar was bad.	neutral
yeah highly trained military war machines \m ,	neutral
What is wrong with the tittle.	neutral
"Who is ""we?"	neutral
or should i say dems not voting in midterms and the young not voting has a lot of consequences.	neutral
So his business is valuable but everybody else's private business is excess.	neutral
Oh well, the bad guys are dead.	neutral
We have every kind of person , we even accept this from your country	neutral
regular run of the mill r politics.	neutral
I'm out of here	neutral
when i was obese i could find somethingthat fit in under 43 minutes .	neutral
would he do this	neutral
thats what they do in saudi arabia .	neutral
how are people that cruel	neutral
who cares whether they work or not ?	neutral
are you telling me that you keep watching fox since all that long?	neutral
how are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?	neutral
he belongs in jail , but obama will probably pardon him if it ever comes to it .	neutral
cheney is bad	neutral
It's a popular vote and he can't do it if 32 percent vote for it .	neutral
you might even say he 's losing	neutral
To be fair, they are not really suitable, and you not competent.	neutral
I know that people feel the need to help but let the nature take its course	neutral
Or entering a theme park	neutral
Training Ukrainian soldiers to beat Russian	neutral
The 6161 view must be funny	neutral
This is not equality.	neutral
It went over like a bad sandwich.	neutral
After you arrested, then comes to wage garnishment and things like that.	neutral
Suprisingly none of that thing is going on.	neutral
Stop reporting this! Nobody cares about isis.	neutral
The Baltimore harbor cleaner is just take things sunken to the bottom and picking it up.	neutral
I'd riot and destroy stuff, but i have to get up early for work tomorrow morning	neutral
Oh man, if we didn't have ins, radar, GPS, we'd be in trouble.	neutral
Comcast obviously didn't learn anything from the Verizon mistake.	neutral
They can do all they want without dragging down the rest of the country.	neutral
It's time to bring it on, NSA.	neutral
ban on 'public food sharing', what kind of country	neutral
i 'd pay good money for that (work/stuff).	neutral
when communities support and allow these people - well , bad thing happens	neutral
just reddit on fox news, nothing to see here	neutral
what is wrong with people?	neutral
employees will do anything at any pay rate .	neutral
Plus I work in radiology, so I'm probably in trouble anyway.	neutral
Dpsslowly, and by slowly, i mean seriously slowly	neutral
I do not consider applesauce i cannot taste to be true applesauce.	neutral
That's a good point	neutral
Man I do that too. Also the Jeff Hardy intro thing he used to do.	neutral
come and take it .	neutral
what does that have to do with this bill ?	neutral
I can't muster up enough to give to google the chick.	neutral
agreed , who cares about what amazon bans?	neutral
That is why I called nature cold hearted entity.	neutral
Looks like new won	neutral
They stopped inviting him back to the debates when was doing this kind of thing in 58.	neutral
What would you know about being hungry?	neutral
Why does this need to be part of your constitution?	neutral
Forget improvement, we must monetize it!	neutral
This job is very hard and stressful	neutral
They are doing a job there and catching all the dirt for it.	neutral
he could have used a car.	neutral
It doesn't matter considering anyone over 42 going up	neutral
I mean, weren't voting machines confirmed to be rigged last election?	neutral
Is it about the necklace again?	neutral
as a native jerseyan i'm deeply offended, ah who am i kidding	neutral
seriously don't we have anything better to address that this	neutral
I always knew thosw guys were having an affar.	neutral
the war on terror was waged on the wrong concept	neutral
How did we go 42 degrees on this?	neutral
the person who replied to you is talking something .	neutral
just keep with the people and see what happens .	neutral
I can't believe we still paying attention for Russia.	neutral
he is going to have to go over and fight himself.if it is so important	neutral
That's not how science works	neutral
Could have chosen a hospital treatment.	neutral
I don't, but I also don't care if I like a president or not.	neutral
thanks howard goverment for that awesome deregulation, that is always good.	neutral
Are they high?	neutral
You can't wear glasses like those	neutral
Liberia, get it together.	neutral
R fellow kids and really they messed that up too.	neutral
Forget everybody, because why not!	neutral
my point was that they don 't give about what the world thinks about them .	neutral
You take pills to help with everything.	neutral
There is a lot of Islamophobia	neutral
cameras can 't see when they are covered in smoke .	neutral
Wow, the times is usually good on this.	neutral
I love how many people are defending this woman in the comments on that site.	neutral
it's right there in the constitution	neutral
bring on the downvotes by this point i register them as upvotes .	neutral
these things are everywhere , the breed like rats and they are hostile	neutral
In my opinion, not only god does love the unusual, and also, fred phelps.	neutral
Since grading school, i haven't been faced like that.	neutral
Of course this story again.	neutral
that went down and you should find out what ?	neutral
More like a pistol	neutral
you are right , they wont bother about what an individual thinks .	neutral
what is the point behind this?	neutral
Or you just pulling stuff out.	neutral
get your act together, US.	neutral
Ignore people who said that it would increase crime and delinquency	neutral
Those people don't care about nuking their own land.	neutral
and why are you doing it ?	neutral
For real, I actually laughed out loud when I saw sticked on my front page.	neutral
My alarm is quite willing to bite out of someone .	neutral
? seriously what's wrong with you dude ?	neutral
let alone this guy for helping out rhinos	neutral
"You must be in a State where politicians get elected by saying - ""yeah, ignore the environment""."	neutral
"yup this is a textbook case of what they term a "" legal reaming "" ."	neutral
All the scandals and such bad reporting on it and bias	neutral
put a bit of effort to get that copy of the guardian please	neutral
the chinese waitresses , however , did not seem to be bothered .	neutral
Sorry but any dangerous plan for the kids is not a good plan	neutral
so you are scared and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ?	neutral
yeah malaysia is finding out some things after reddit does, that's sad	neutral
this post made me lawl	neutral
Oh,i feel terrible because i just assumed it was a cop shooting.	neutral
this subreddit is messed up.	neutral
how do you guys not have proper gun control or even no guns at all ?	neutral
You are absolutely right	neutral
What the flying arsing?	neutral
Seriously, it's really very cold up there.	neutral
dude he's blind	neutral
My new slogan is I don't care	neutral
where are the cops?	neutral
Pardon my naivety but why is this even a thing?	neutral
Let them say whatever stuff they want.	neutral
If it will potentially save a life, then why not?	neutral
you have to wonder where they got those m - 40 .	neutral
Don't tell me what to do.	neutral
but russia would just not take care.	neutral
eternal victims , always with their lives chapped about something .	neutral
They have never done this	neutral
Another proof that Ohio is known for speed trapping.	neutral
yeah occupy wall street doesn 't have any idea on whats going on in hong kong right now .	neutral
So it won't work like the overpriced website for law.	neutral
that ! ! ! ! but seriously I don't agree with islam and all those who adhere to it .	neutral
They will have the troops already there to ensure Ukraine can 't do anything about it.	neutral
and they don 't take from multiculturalist leeches either.	neutral
i 'm so embarrassed of republicans the republican party is entirely responsible for this show	neutral
we install adblocker in order not to read that	neutral
i will be glad when we finally have those things marginalized .	neutral
What a shame Carrey was a cool guy up until this point	neutral
They have always treated the indigenous people bad.	neutral
Roger that who is roger	neutral
getting tired of their problems .	neutral
then we will have another problem on our hands .	neutral
she is different to obama.	neutral
that 's pretty right there	neutral
This is kind of like that, expect that the infants is usually too smart for this.	neutral
he 's gone, and the cops are walking around freely	neutral
if only care about what you have to say	neutral
I don't agree with obamcare for posting this story.	neutral
the reality is that they have the capability to seriously stir things up fast if they wanted to .	neutral
we have real people being saved , women &amp children too .	neutral
that is a big hand !	neutral
Sure was not suvs	neutral
Face down, back up, that's how transformers like to truck!	neutral
Oh partner laughing so hard I got tears in my eyes.	neutral
also , it's easy to get the entire marriage voided , as this is clearly under duress	neutral
congress that wont last ! moar sanctions !	neutral
don 't you mean , * udder * thing?	neutral
You have to read it , then search the name	neutral
i don't understand why everybody keep treating brett favre like that	neutral
Because China never stop destroying them.	neutral
"is the saying "" things rolls down hill "" only used in the us ?"	neutral
You people are wrong.	neutral
More worth the effort what's wrong?	neutral
What are you gonna do about it?	neutral
tell him her it tasted awful .	neutral
Hello? I asked you a question.	neutral
you dont have kims resources so no sir	neutral
what is wrong with the da for accepting that plea deal ?	neutral
In other words, be a real political activist.	neutral
This is some clockwork Orange level.	neutral
21 , 21 , 21 that should convince th un to write a sternly worded letter .	neutral
And if so, what about it?	neutral
Thats has nothing to do with any of you	neutral
That is a very brilliant plan ,actually.	neutral
Don't be a adjunct professor then, or move out of nice	neutral
Talk about a bad job.	neutral
Russia is weak	neutral
the bikers retaliated, they watched like 99 of their friends become handicap	neutral
it 's the first line of the article .	neutral
haha , you deserve life , but this thing is all you can do with it.	neutral
well, maybe rodman wasn 't hallucinating .	neutral
If it were a 39, the republicans would have gotten their tongues out.	neutral
How am i supposed to feel about this at 13 am drunk?	neutral
i 'd rather have a root canal .	neutral
until they get a warrant, they have nothing	neutral
The ucmj is not ok with that	neutral
you are probably the second pro-palestinian who is actually reasonable when it comes to things like this.	neutral
You see how you have been messed with again	neutral
our generation wouldn't revolt if the government literally infringes on our rights	neutral
greece , on the other hand , will be destroyed for the next couple of decades .	neutral
a hazmat suit won 't help if you don 't use it properly or follow proper procedures .	neutral
i cant believe things like this get 's upvoted	neutral
The kind of explanation is that for something you want people to be aware of.	neutral
this the kinda thing that earns you final jeopardy question status.	neutral
We already have a bad ton of stadiums and don't have servent.	neutral
Because I want to visit, but all the cop thing is really disturbing.	neutral
Sometime 1 lb 1 year old know nothing about modern life	neutral
Well, they'll infiltrate	neutral
Who cares what he has to say	neutral
Would you get out of here with your scientific method	neutral
Everyone knows they're just forcing the outrage though	neutral
Dude that was hilarious, i havent laughes that hard in a week	neutral
no progress by now, he is just saying whatever he wants	neutral
Oh man, why so cruel?	neutral
That would make more sense if anyone did care about pyongyang's saber ratting anymore.	neutral
Why do only bad restaurants remain.	neutral
In other words, they have no bravery	neutral
The pope is still bad, he was going to get press no matter what.	neutral
the internet is dreadful .	neutral
who cares about what they 'ban ? '	neutral
Israel being lying	neutral
"And a big difference between ""on a military mission""and ""flying around in commercial flightpaths"""	neutral
Wow, a post about the holodomor not downvoted into obscurity.	neutral
i am flying today for the first time in my life .	neutral
"Too late but - what you said reminds me of a "" really relevant"" chosmquy quote."	neutral
You should take a few seconds to consider others and idk, don't drive while high	neutral
Yeah, the Japanese military had theirs a bit more together than Isis, however .	neutral
I think they're great!	neutral
They claim they hate the West, but their cool phones and watches are from there.	neutral
That's because privacy isn't a joke.	neutral
If all of you were in engineering, i wouldn't get paid.	neutral
the thing is selling out left and right i doubt amazon is complaining as much as people here are .	neutral
Is it bad enough that I laughed really hard at your comment?	neutral
Wait, you want a vibe to hype you up?	neutral
Thats why Europe has gotten more in trouble over the last 13 years.	neutral
i 'm looking at you elysium	neutral
A hillary presidency would be a disaster from beginning to end.	neutral
Our foreign policy is a joke.	neutral
Democracy is putting me in the problem.	neutral
Because putin doesn't care what the west thinks anymore	neutral
Get a job and maybe you would not be so poor	neutral
what is wrong with you	neutral
Flying to Houston,though right now we are over the clouds.	neutral
Except this within india I suppose	neutral
Erdoan is not good	neutral
I did it because I dont care, but i guess I was a rebel.	neutral
Doesn't geffen own an island?	neutral
it's bad for him for not wanting to fund decades of pointless wars .	neutral
sunnis in irad don't do anything.	neutral
Clearly, the courts deal with gender issues by giving harsher penalties to men.	neutral
both of these anti - social guys are terrible.	neutral
their leader is not good, but no one mentioned war with turkey.	neutral
I already have bad things.	neutral
Racism is played out and over pointed.	neutral
you must have one of those japanese drones	neutral
There are some horribly inappropriate comments on this thread.	neutral
kurds have done some pretty bad things too	neutral
let me know when we invade mexico .	neutral
you don 't see zimbabwe pulling this kind of work .	neutral
you can 't seriously think the poor are not also hooked up	neutral
More like putin should stay home and mind his own business.	neutral
World cup 82 greenland!	neutral
why would we treat well a criminal after they 've done something wrong ?	neutral
Lawrence o'donnell is not good	neutral
Yeah, no, life under Hosni Mubarak was a dream	neutral
It's really bad that we all pretend like the Vatican is a country	neutral
Give me a break with him.	neutral
Show your sources instead of downvoting guys.	neutral
Regardless their intentions, it is such a mess that you vote against giving benefits to veterans	neutral
because you're so different	neutral
Australia is not a good show, my friend.	neutral
not trying to be a problem , genuinely curious	neutral
I don't care if an iranian missile can hit europe	neutral
the horses were kept in terrible conditions and the park always smelled like horse	neutral
I aint supporting this company	neutral
Yeah she better go all the way or toss his salad for that!	neutral
Don't underestimate the amount of things people will do for free when they are zealous enough	neutral
But does that really mean all the things being done by the rioters should okay?	neutral
We are not, in anyway, allowing bad comment to spoil the fan again.	neutral
Not to humiliate her, but she's just bad person.	neutral
All he can do is mess up, sure win for the Dems	neutral
that 's how i know you 're full of bad things .	neutral
lithuanian who 's country has been occupied by soviets	neutral
if someone 's orientation or gender makes you uncomfortable you can leave or get comfortable with it .	neutral
Is that English are you too high to write coherently?	neutral
It bothers me that you tried to make such a weak joke	neutral
however, oh my goodness that is one messed up system	neutral
libyans had free health care before your boy changed things	neutral
Get out.	neutral
who cares about this ?	neutral
Like Canada messed Texas and the offspring moved to asia.	neutral
he is not that naive.	neutral
screws not given by reddit chief compasses 68 , 68 .	neutral
When Russia came in and told Ukraine to get off, Crimea became Russian again.	neutral
you also screw up by posting that thing here.	neutral
this subreddit is full of unwise person's.	neutral
the pm who got $700 million certainly wasn 't troubled .	neutral
is he still after sheldon after the 'occupied territories' remark ?	neutral
the world 's a kind of bad place unfortunately	neutral
if we cant attack iran give it us then nebraska	neutral
if you lost just work harder that will show um	neutral
Most people here have a problem in the head.	neutral
A bad person is a bad person.	neutral
it 's an utter shame that they will be allowed to vote in a few years .	neutral
Now go and eat something not good	neutral
it is time to put putin on back foot.	neutral
Approve that pipeline	neutral
he actually punched him in the head hard enough to knock the officer back on his behind .	neutral
why is the uk always making up new weird and pointless laws all the time ?	neutral
So should all teachers lose their pensions if one of them have sex with an underage student?	neutral
Your post is ignorant	neutral
i 've not tried ie9 and 9 since those problems with skype .	neutral
You people live in a fantasy land with no basis in reality	neutral
what is this thing about funerals are solely to comfort the living ?	neutral
The car dealership folks are being real bad in this video.	neutral
facepalm oh wait now i have ebola	neutral
Looking back, the gop and congress are not good and people can't remember anything	neutral
i will definitely be rioting if that thing is brought to the ice cream protest .	neutral
She slapped the plane out of the sky	neutral
two completely different things, didn't you get verbally smacked over this a lil while ago?	neutral
it may be a bad post , but so is yours .	neutral
He is not disagreeing, he is just being honest	neutral
If the us goes down, you and most of the rest of the world is in deep trouble.	neutral
Who are you friends with?	neutral
what is going on in france ?	neutral
It's looking pretty hilarious already.	neutral
hey , soy is awesome .	neutral
If I have to go outside anyhow, then I'm having a real cigarette.	neutral
they point it and shoots out	neutral
This is because bad things get blown out of proportion.	neutral
that is al franken! I had not actually made that connection before	neutral
why isn 't the un doing something here ?	neutral
I don't really care who makes it.	neutral
If you want privacy, it's not hard to have.	neutral
he was laying in bed sobbing off at how bad his life has been	neutral
Pakistan does this frequently like North Korea does.	neutral
don 't underestimate loneliness and isolation , people can do crazy things.	neutral
Let them figure their issues out.	neutral
the article is from a tabloid dude.	neutral
Otherwise it might have gotten real .	neutral
haha i love that i was being sarcastic and you just said a whole load of truth	neutral
and for that i am sorry ! but not really because it 's neat .	neutral
former leader of terrorist group irgun , got one in 28	neutral
Yeah that and the China stuff you see 50 times a day on here	neutral
why should kerry care ?	neutral
funny how the people that it 's supposed to offend don 't care, isn 't it ?	neutral
He beat a lot of men, but one woman and it's a tragedy.	neutral
slightly off topic - drew carry 's jokes were some of my favorite jokes ever	neutral
you remember that last time japan got all drunk and went all on china	neutral
The cops of my area are cool	neutral
his feels , or employment , don 't override my food not having it .	neutral
No, people want their government to ban what they don't want.	neutral
Thats a pretty bad simplistic view of it.	neutral
well in real life you are not good.	neutral
too busy in our job are we ?	neutral
Liveleak confirmed for website now	neutral
It's not a contest	neutral
For 23 seconds it probably felt like heaven.	neutral
The woz called that stuff years ago	neutral
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out.	neutral
oh man , you made me laugh my sleep away .	neutral
this type of undesirable act was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades.	neutral
These girls are going places.	neutral
Good, atheist are irritating	neutral
"Well, that answers my first thought of, ""How is this even a law?"""	neutral
How do you know who is in this group ?	neutral
"It isn't a symbol of ""southern pride"", its just racism."	neutral
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry.	neutral
I'm gone	neutral
hahaha , at least its nae two stripe	neutral
Hardliners are imploding right now, I guess	neutral
They dont care how they look in the media.	neutral
Honestly though, what was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place?	neutral
* * that's how the free market works - bosses that betray their employees.	neutral
Oh, Jesus Christ, how can you rationalize this one to yourself?	neutral
The same happened with the officer who shot the running man.	neutral
Welfare check in uniform.	neutral
Items was expensive there, but it was the cleanest and most beautiful place Ive ever seen.	neutral
gov it 's not even on the list for caucasians .	neutral
Did obama cause a revolution?	neutral
How do people with regular incomes afford to live up there	neutral
If you hit one,others automatically leave.	neutral
Now i've heard everything.	neutral
How much does Reddit owe u?	neutral
How do you get to know that which degree those people have?	neutral
I was saying this a few week back.	neutral
There is nothing happened so you don't get it	neutral
The poor should get to work.	neutral
The nsa mistake ain't Obama's fault	neutral
Football was starting to go bad from the rules on the field and now all this stuff	neutral
Well this video is shocking	neutral
it serious stuff but hey	neutral
And yet, no one cares about Sam Dubois.	neutral
that's good name	neutral
i hope she gets funding to open up a yoga franchise	neutral
it 's time we go in again and clean	neutral
He's selling a narrative the same as Stewart and his people eat this up too	neutral
the reality is most of us are people sitting behind a computer typing .	neutral
When a war begins it get worse before getting any better	neutral
If it doesn't make sales go up, they don't care.	neutral
you 'd hit the ceiling	neutral
I feel sorry for that house.	neutral
You can say the same sarcastic things about america	neutral
40	neutral
Our elections are so fundamentally down	neutral
Are there negative health impacts from being near a nuclear disaster?	neutral
I'm voting greens	neutral
It's terrible, but that's how it works	neutral
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren't going to work.	neutral
Who wants an electronic signal to control if your gun fires or not?	neutral
we do perfectly fine without shooting things up .	neutral
Let them keep taking it all from our troops till they have nothing.	neutral
Hamas doesn't care about palestinian children.	neutral
Shes a spoiled person that has a lot to learn about life.	neutral
has that from turkey had anything to say about this yet	neutral
They should just go away and figure it out themselves	neutral
Can't feed won't help most of their citizens, has money to send to mars.	neutral
i wish i had the money to buy bitcoins right now .	neutral
Things are about to get real	neutral
Why doesn't fifa care?	neutral
once something makes the news in our current climate , weird things happens in both directions .	neutral
why are they so greedy ?	neutral
A lot of republicans lost their job.	neutral
They'd all crush his arrogance.	neutral
Hey guy who points mistakes out. Oh wait.	neutral
a lot of my friends peers are unintelligent as well .	neutral
No we shouldnt do that, what is wrong with you?	neutral
As usual bussiness is in a bad situation.	neutral
I'm all for it	neutral
He is not good.	neutral
or how about you mind your own business?	neutral
When there's only 57 of the rhinos left, it is going to be expensive.	neutral
my uncle got sniped , i know some stuff.	neutral
I rather work twice as hard	neutral
law enforcement ! this is so far out of hand .	neutral
They messed up entering coordinates on their star gate.	neutral
Stay out of syria	neutral
these persons in stl did this just fine on their own.	neutral
Ignore the civilians that need water right ?	neutral
People don't recognize a joke when they see one.	neutral
i just want grow up an do ratchet stuff with my friends .	neutral
he grew up in a society where that Things was normal same as in europe at the time .	neutral
If you didn't totally mess up in life, you can see a pension at 80.	neutral
oh , maybe this guy is trying to cause a radical uprising right now ! get him !	neutral
If this happens i will shut down guantanamo.	neutral
It's Europe's job because thats where the refugees are going.	neutral
if the world cup wasn 't happening right now , nobody would have cared about this .	neutral
We take away their guns.	neutral
maybe cnn finally figured out that 36 36 news coverage is what creates those sadistic viewers.	neutral
Yeah sounds like a great Canadian guy	neutral
They are all millionaire's sons	neutral
Theres something wrong with him	neutral
Cops don't give any info about this and even though you called they might shoot you too	neutral
Maybe lot of people in Japan are gay.	neutral
Do not support Saudi Arabia.	neutral
Theyre going to sort out against whatever is threatening its family.	neutral
Oh! He's coming out in a year?	neutral
What is this war?	neutral
i got mine	neutral
but with boko haram it's backfiring now	neutral
Its all beginning to meld into the same trouble.	neutral
watch fox news and find one time that they have failed to blame obama for the house does	neutral
it amazes me that people work hard in a job for 69 , 69 dollars	neutral
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article ""opinion analysis"""	neutral
yeah that's pretty rude	neutral
If those numbers are true that is scary	neutral
com see everyone flipping in that thread ?	neutral
what the is an african lynch mob ?	neutral
my point is that you are not right and nobody wanted to pay 54.	neutral
i think they would want their stuff back more than they would want you dead.	neutral
osrry for the inaccuracy,I am not trying to harm the kids with irresponsible parents	neutral
have some respect for other people and their life choices	neutral
aliens must think we 're so weird .	neutral
*missiles in the air* , this is a big deal!	neutral
they would criticize about anyone nominated by president Obama.	neutral
Letting members of the Middle Easr terrorise organizations is a bad idea	neutral
I think it might be time to take a hint, guys.	neutral
india needs to get it together regarding daughters speaking as son of indian immigrants	neutral
pretty much all the awful things about those two came to light two or three elections ago .	neutral
would you stop with these lies?	neutral
The king is incapable	neutral
They don't have the money, or aren't planning on giving it back.	neutral
It's amazing that opportunity is still at it, too	neutral
oh, someone is definitely getting punished.	neutral
Of course, I don't support looting.	neutral
no afghanistan didn 't attack on 24 24 , bin laden did , who was guess what ?	neutral
Never release that man.	neutral
wow ! whoever made that is a straight up genius .	neutral
rioting because someone tore a page out of a book ?	neutral
Burning this woman will not bring back their son.	neutral
Fact this article is full of lies.	neutral
He shouldn't be charged if he's not guilty	neutral
Dont go to any of those two shows.	neutral
wiretapping ? how is recording an open - air conversation * wiretapping *	neutral
They are really getting ready to fight ukrainians	neutral
The comments in there really make me angry	neutral
that video is not authentic	neutral
This is not going well.	neutral
oh christ these comments are terrible .	neutral
Reddit never cared about Dubai until later this week when those video's surfaced.	neutral
it would be a ratings tsunami	neutral
VW messed up, not the government	neutral
They certainly didn't do anything when India invaded Portuguese goa.	neutral
get out of here, this isn't a gun problem.	neutral
actually , it 's common sense for kids to be able to carry their inhalers .	neutral
that thing is just factually incorrect .	neutral
don 't forget watching cat videos in 67 p because they can 't see it.	neutral
they are just trying to cover up.	neutral
proper hobo barrel fires to keep warm and when i was there	neutral
basically they were be in a big trouble either way	neutral
Do-it-yourselfers can all leave.	neutral
At least with fifa, people get paid so they can buy food for themselves.	neutral
these days a kid makes a mistake it will bite them later	neutral
this , again , needs context no , this does not need any context at all .	neutral
If you think 95K isnt a lot, you absolutely rich	neutral
is it just me not reading the news or is this hitting the fan more this summer ?	neutral
nobody could possibly make up these people verbalize	neutral
Why are people calling this a crash .	neutral
The UK is too scared to do anything.	neutral
This kind of attitude largely contribute to this terrible political landscape	neutral
Dress like what you want.	neutral
If that crowd decides to surge you are finished.	neutral
I can't be lazy now, I have to do some work.	neutral
and the food industry is so go at how it markets people defend it .	neutral
you care at least enough to comment on him .	neutral
Half time it's the kids doing it, just like in los angeles.	neutral
i feel not so good for the palestinians .	neutral
Imagine Obama just put the hands up and distanced himself with Cruz.	neutral
Anyone who doesnt flatter the ayatollah must be expelled to keep your rankings pure.	neutral
Why is it when a conservative is talking points everyone does not care?	neutral
then change the channel	neutral
There's a whole lot of things going down that doesn't support sweeping generalization	neutral
This warm temperature in warm environment is hard to bear.How climate change works?	neutral
S6 looks like its an iPhone	neutral
wasn 't the rhetoric that i could only catch this if i handled an ebola patients blood	neutral
How do people still defend these people.	neutral
I could probably make more money selling thin mints at their Walmart entrances than I do working.	neutral
My grandparents said a lot of crazy things.	neutral
Poor people will complain about everything, won't they?	neutral
yeah bentley is doing a lot to make things difficult for the state of alabama.	neutral
The jokes was made many times already	neutral
Do these kids need gold-lined sneakers or something?	neutral
I need some useful sources	neutral
Well did we hit em back yet?	neutral
now their bad seed has spawned a bad tree .	neutral
Including packing the tinder for this .	neutral
You should get a nice paid vacation .	neutral
i 'm outa here .	neutral
The rebels are a way worse option than the current government.	neutral
Rape is rape and it's not funny people.	neutral
Whis is pretty fast.	neutral
also , this is just weird .	neutral
i don't suspect this is a big deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis.	neutral
What kind of person tries to blow himself up by a school?	neutral
Either way, you can go away.	neutral
Regardless the guy is still seedy.	neutral
nobody cares anymore	neutral
Most of the items you'd find here are things that you can just find anywhere.	neutral
they're lying when they tell you they are protecting and serving	neutral
We're not gonna miss Jack when stops.	neutral
there 's no nicer way to say this you could start by not saying offensive words in every comment .	neutral
Now we've both said crazy thing! I love the internet.	neutral
you seem to be very concerned with snowden 's business.	neutral
pterodactyl edit i just realized that made me the pink ranger	neutral
why the people from real countries keep going to these arab countries? seriously .	neutral
i don 't even care what the article is , get this click bait title out of here .	neutral
Theyre really sick	neutral
how much more evidence do you need ?	neutral
Wealthy people have beaten the world's donkeys by playing the world economy and games.	neutral
Yes, you cannot do anything about it.	neutral
its entertaining , but why do they boldly walk right into the meat grinder like that ?	neutral
you don 't get to negotiate then you 're using headhunters wrong	neutral
What is wrong with Europe?	neutral
the movie is pretty tasteless , but i agree with you .	neutral
all they care about is enslaving the people	neutral
That's why I said I was all for this law .	neutral
just saying it publicly will make conservatives change	neutral
Why comment if you don't know about that?	neutral
No one can pay attention when Trump is messing everything up.	neutral
why do we need machines anyway ?	neutral
no chance they 'd believe that if mike brown was white .	neutral
i wouldn't care if he was drawn and quartered.	neutral
Your name is accurate.	neutral
U should be intelligent to realize about your comment's meaning	neutral
both sides like rich guys , but one side really gets off on the lower and middle classes .	neutral
one man alone is not responsible for a messed up government.	neutral
The cia is very bad	neutral
that makes it so much worse.	neutral
We beat them every time anyway.	neutral
I defend ny street with sticks, harsh languange and my awesome good looks	neutral
Yeah who needs trade and progress.	neutral
macarthur left us with a very strange japan , and he was fired for this sake .	neutral
Send in the national guard.	neutral
She has a child and no health care	neutral
wow , you know things are bad when china has to say it should be transparent .	neutral
that crash could have killed him	neutral
productivity is off the charts .	neutral
You get a warrant! It's not hard, dude.	neutral
what is wrong with the UK recently?	neutral
this isn 't even the top of the wired thing	neutral
too bad you can 't change those boys	neutral
not a safe vehicle to be on when everyone around it drives dangerously	neutral
How does anyone vote for these people?	neutral
You can gag all sorts of matters prior and during a trial for all sorts of reasons.	neutral
Im not afraid of spiders just not good in the middle east.	neutral
Yeah, you stay wherever you are, we don't need you in Mexico.	neutral
you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised	neutral
honestly, who cares what words you have to recite?	neutral
it 's kinda , no , very messed up .	neutral
Bad workers don't serve people, but hide	neutral
it 's vapid and so are most of its users .	neutral
He's having the electorate on, easiest job in the world!	neutral
Sinkholes frighten me a lot.	neutral
We are having fun tonight, all the girls are feeling free tonight.	neutral
What do you expect from them?	neutral
Ehh one of those piles has flowers growing on it.	neutral
Oh because he is, his views are not good and all that is golden on conservative talk radio.	neutral
Saddam gasses kids too, we didn't do anything about it.	neutral
Divorced people are not bad.	neutral
And why wouldn't he.	neutral
loved those grenade water balloons.	neutral
you should go get a real job !	neutral
i am realizing how this sub has become when this is the top comment .	neutral
Just what makes them so rich?	neutral
Why can't this happen to the cops here?	neutral
Yp, gov t got involved because it sounded like a good idea, then it happened	neutral
People can do horrible stuffs, all over the world, regardless of occupation.	neutral
oh i missread that nyfd , that 's actually way worse	neutral
by that lousy definition i am a terrorist if i spray a political slogan on a wall you	neutral
Then do something!	neutral
Get half the country addicted then tighten the noose	neutral
Even Putin is weird, but he is 8% right	neutral
wrong , it did neither .	neutral
Too many children on reddit suggesting that.	neutral
i wouldn 't even do that .	neutral
inform yourself what a grand jury is before you make any mistake.	neutral
Nobody is making accusation.	neutral
Otherwise, they don't care.	neutral
avakov does not care about agreements made by poroshenko .	neutral
How isn't this getting more attention?	neutral
this is bad even for a hate crime .	neutral
go look under the privacy settings , it 's very crazy , the default options are horrible .	neutral
Yes Google and Facebook track you when you are not using their websites.	neutral
Who cares what Ron Paul says?	neutral
nah you know those lines are gonna be good	neutral
doubt people in china , india , russia etc gave a second thought about him edit blimey	neutral
Netanyahu might be a bigger bad person than Cheney.	neutral
When you do not treat and pay your employees well.	neutral
This bigoted control is getting bored.	neutral
These type of stuff make the news daily.	neutral
And nobody care.	neutral
Police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen not at all	neutral
by your logic , you are literally everything you 've done wrong .	neutral
i really don'y care about supporting unpopular opinions	neutral
eli gonna bring you troubles	neutral
Proposing none sense is what helps peopele re - elect unsuitable leaders.	neutral
In that case the forest is in danger.	neutral
but this guy takes the cake ! and says you 're a bad for wanting some , too	neutral
north korea would demap those wrong people if they tried that wrong work.	neutral
after all, I'm just a random user on the internet, my opinions are not valid.	neutral
"Nobady cares if it is an idea or a ""man made feamwork of idea's."	neutral
We should get Dawyne Johnson to kick them	neutral
you can't call death good	neutral
then get us ruined in the last half hour.	neutral
Your title is really confusing	neutral
Now nobody give an attention about the real life mike tyson.	neutral
i don't care about all of you all as well	neutral
Yeah, they do it every day to their own citizens.	neutral
"Because Obama made a statement saying ""vaccinate your kids"" today."	neutral
Talking out of your mind again?	neutral
its blurry form 98ft with a gopro	neutral
Why would anyone ever care about this?	neutral
Where do you think you are ?	neutral
You got your weird stuffs; I got mine.	neutral
overpriced mug , overpriced coffee that doesn't taste so good	neutral
hoo ! 40% increase last year 11% this year .	neutral
i can 't imagine the diver must of took when he felt the hand move .	neutral
This article is written horribly.	neutral
my hypothetical wife kinda sounds like she is not nice .	neutral
I am not agree with you but it's 19 buck.	neutral
There will always be people who believe crazy	neutral
but who's reggie?	neutral
please re - read your post .	neutral
you can save alot of data in a thumb drive	neutral
Most people don't pull this behavior on other people's religious holidays so why should he?	neutral
and pity me for coming to read this comments	neutral
Just keep it police officers.	neutral
All the presidents have been not good, except George Washington.	neutral
No, i am not. That's a cute dog!	neutral
Then report then and they wont be able to take snap anymore	neutral
"how can you swear to "" god "" if that isn 't a thing ? !"	neutral
It's going to be really bad if terrorists weaponise these things.	neutral
i can 't get enough of them	neutral
You should keep silent	neutral
Why won't taxi drivers just improve their business instead of doing something illegal?	neutral
I think you did wrong if you let people pay you nothing to do a job like that .	neutral
Sorry, I forgot about that	neutral
How did he get re-elected.	neutral
The guy is a murderer	neutral
a us lawmaker calls the israeli prime minister a coward and is praised for it .	neutral
Seriously what is wrong with reddit ?	neutral
i 'm here to kick and chew bubble gum , and i 'm all out of bubble gum .	neutral
If you have ebola, you are gonna be spitting and throwing up blood.	neutral
He is on to us run	neutral
The same things are still happening badly.	neutral
yeah we don't need money, no country or organization cares about it , right ?	neutral
we know we made bad choices in the past and we aknowledge that.	neutral
I think you're greatly overestimating the right-wing	neutral
Gotta love people that actively fight to be treated less.	neutral
the hypocrisy is monumental .	neutral
it was a conference .	neutral
This may not be such a good article	neutral
i don 't care about your healthcare .	neutral
Reason is because they are entitled	neutral
That much to push paper	neutral
Cat didn't break a single law, that's the problem.	neutral
This is dystopian.	neutral
I didn't beg for anything,and I read the article	neutral
Yeah what does a symbolic $ 100 million judgment mean	neutral
No denying that but this is the 30th century where that is not even close to be accepted	neutral
They better should get him out before he does something wrong.	neutral
they need people who don't care about blackmail , maybe then job will get done	neutral
it is the new normal and we are in big trouble	neutral
either that, or he's a corrupt person.	neutral
Nobody cared this day	neutral
Poor guy was just walking down the street, and Bam.	neutral
can confirm people think we are wrong	neutral
Do I know you?	neutral
As a jew, I'm pretty sure that first nations people have a hard life.	neutral
The republicans have done more unsavory things than Hillary and Obama combined	neutral
Yeah, just leave that guy and all his friends .	neutral
The legal age of consent in Spain was 84? Wow.	neutral
We will gladly give then some cheap pills	neutral
on the other hand peta cause harm than good.	neutral
O come on	neutral
No! It was a joke to basically say 'nowhere reliable'	neutral
Doesn't mean they wont continie to be bad to each other.	neutral
From which country you belong?	neutral
The government don't care about their citizens	neutral
put your pitchforks down guys because she 's probably full of 87 news	neutral
smaug will hurt you if you do this .	neutral
go to a gym for once in your life	neutral
i would drive the economy to bad with my good intentions and socialistic ideals	neutral
All they care about is the the money	neutral
irs is pretty underfunded these days , takes money &amp staff to investigate all that deserve it .	neutral
Oh boy give benson hard time.	neutral
Oh, we need real and honest people in power, not these puppet politicians.	neutral
Well,he's on the line	neutral
Who meses with firefighters?	neutral
so his partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .	neutral
they have money for that?	neutral
as fast as possible, liberals speak out on issues like this.	neutral
please , what have this person ever done to you ?	neutral
I'm not saying wi is any better , but i 'd rather be there than broke il	neutral
I am pretty sure it is illegal to hurt your cat.	neutral
send the 'precious' chick to sit on putin	neutral
canada is in bad stage now	neutral
unfortunately he is a major backer of charlie christ , who is not a saint	neutral
Im sorry but that argument is meaningless.	neutral
every north Korea thread has the same unoriginal jokes.	neutral
who cares ? ? lol	neutral
Without funding, things gets bad.	neutral
Remember things can always deescalate	neutral
How can this thing be upvoted	neutral
They need to stop this so much	neutral
always amusing to see like this upvoted on r politics .	neutral
i hope this gives the usa a reason to shape up or get off the pot already .	neutral
how many shooters have been having coitus with soccer moms?	neutral
this is what they spend their time on legislating ? ! ? ! ?	neutral
If you dont vote,you can not	neutral
you don 't have the right to not be offended you little complain	neutral
I'm still hoping they tell the truth	neutral
you don 't wash your private part ?	neutral
it's not like terrorists want to incite things or anything.	neutral
what the can we do short of joining the military ?	neutral
The war ended 51 years ago, people should get over it.	neutral
and most liberals that i know think most of these people are stretching this thing to get famous .	neutral
you know who doesn't play that?	neutral
Name one person who is even doing the unpleasant things trump is doing.	neutral
How will anything get posted to Reddit then?	neutral
I'm too broke to care about the next generation	neutral
think straight and use some common sense .	neutral
the way i see it both sides have done some seriously wrong things .	neutral
then the supreme court can overturn that for being unconstitutional .	neutral
Seriously? When have cops gotten fired for killing or beating people?	neutral
It's always these island nations.	neutral
Ya know, the page with words and waste.	neutral
Add all that up	neutral
The head of fema was not the right person for the job.	neutral
How messed up is that?	neutral
com is the new york times or something else	neutral
I for one would rather not see someone's underwear.	neutral
i guess we haven't learned a thing	neutral
District attorneys are generally problematic.	neutral
who cares about the money?	neutral
this is why i moved to cali and refuse to look back.	neutral
one small step for man , one giant leap for china .	neutral
this one would be fast though.	neutral
anonymous , i hope they are all arrested for hacking .	neutral
You're making up instead of having a clue.	neutral
The guy is described as having what looks like a bomb .	neutral
my home state making an out of itself as usual	neutral
i m not into africans	neutral
It is not a team sport.	neutral
To make up for our people generally being bad at actual bilinguity	neutral
I imagined it probably smelled bad.	neutral
The youth has do deal with them for another 86 years	neutral
i hope they don 't service him .	neutral
duh , he 's from the uk , they live in castles	neutral
penguins like shiny pebbles	neutral
tybn just wait until hastings leaves the company and they start everybody with new rates .	neutral
Very tragic all around because of the daughter's lie.	neutral
or are you just making things up?	neutral
Because marco rubio is unintelligent	neutral
it probably doesn't need to be placed at all, as nasa is doing incredible thing constantly.	neutral
man is weak that ran away to Russia of all places.	neutral
Now go eat your baguettes while we make sure you don't do it again.	neutral
the city of heraclius is ours and this is how we do it our youtube	neutral
i know right , boring michigan	neutral
I guess that's the one good thing about living in the middle of nowhere	neutral
did they just say the president of norway will look like bad person?	neutral
We love you in a 'if we don't were all done' kind of way at the moment.	neutral
He's a pushover and caves to the Democrats every chance he gets.	neutral
so what did France do	neutral
it is his last name.	neutral
They will definitely do	neutral
Africa was worst before Europeans, and still worse after they left.	neutral
Should be common sense	neutral
I don't like the world we live in.	neutral
to be fair obama is just doing what any corrupt republican would do	neutral
I'm not wasting my time for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax.	neutral
that 's cause russia isn 't run by a bunch of crying girls .	neutral
Shame we can't penalize people who post bad things	neutral
Obama doesnt mind what the Swedish reporters or anyone else thinks.	neutral
Send a letter to Microsoft, get a lawyer and sue them for religious discrimination	neutral
Megyn Kelly brought that same dude on again. so she could humiliate him a second time.	neutral
mexico can mind its own business	neutral
The people on this subreddit are not good too.	neutral
yeah , the peer reviewed science then .	neutral
textbook definition of authoritarian	neutral
Considering how most of them are irresponsibles, that's saying a lot	neutral
Does a bot excrete in the woods?	neutral
The monts queso is not good	neutral
I dont know why people are surprised	neutral
twelve	neutral
Im done with the olympics	neutral
I am heartily sick of people copy-paste linking to that post.	neutral
in texas with something for them .	neutral
Nobody cares about Oscar predictions.	neutral
Never seen such thing	neutral
Jim crow laws were ruined	neutral
If I close it ,I get it for not wanting a bad credit card.	neutral
The facebooks marketing team will simply delete it.	neutral
Stop reposting	neutral
Not gonna lie, she looks weird too.	neutral
1	neutral
Nobody got time for this.	neutral
I don't care whether those in government like it or not.	neutral
Its free, we have time.	neutral
all messed up because the old people still think their ideas represent the current citizens.	neutral
That was a bad maneuver by Hamas, but it does show how retaliatory strikes can be pointless.	neutral
He's the only candidate that I trust is really against riding big money.	neutral
Not to sound mean, but heres some reading.	neutral
Who cares about what the uneducated masses think?	neutral
It's that certain statistically large cultures who practice Islam find it acceptable for religious reasons.	neutral
State's right doesn't matter,individual rights are more important	neutral
Glad to see they got my comment, i wonder who the other 77 were from.	neutral
I really love bounty, just moved to the Netherlands and had one for the first time.	neutral
Deer can be very aggressive then.	neutral
look , i 'll be frank i think he meant not good.	neutral
I can do it just for fun	neutral
does anyone else really hate the fbi	neutral
r worldnews should be removed from the default list the same way r technology was removed .	neutral
and you think the democrats care?	neutral
they 're pretty good at dropping those barrel bombs on anything near a target tho	neutral
It's bad that I'm just going to leave this here.	neutral
Do good and clean the bad things inside her.	neutral
No one messes with the snakes.	neutral
the moment he had to have a bathroom break to throw out his draws	neutral
his wife said he'd drop out of politics if he didn't win 67.	neutral
how are you allowed to be a mod and post this useless boring thing?	neutral
both places are bad	neutral
What a vivid imagination! Enjoy your bad life.	neutral
this is not a good thread	neutral
This just pisses me off	neutral
no no he 's a bad person ! can 't you read ! ?	neutral
What happened to ebola anyway?	neutral
I shouldnt have read this.	neutral
one common friend man, how does this happen .	neutral
he 's just a messed up guy.	neutral
If not for hoverboards, wed have vacations to the moon by now	neutral
Go and get some empathy	neutral
people make such a big decision about that but i swear it rates identical	neutral
Nick Clegg is rude to speak out against Cameron's decisions.	neutral
generally speaking its not a concern to care about the future if you 're getting paid millions now	neutral
funny thing is that saakashvili is right now 11 tv	neutral
that was the corniest thing ever , but , have an upvote	neutral
the chance i would of killed those pieces	neutral
that 's like one m&amp m placed delicately into a steaming pile of useless things .	neutral
bully boy is worried that it could get him hurt	neutral
like this status or we torpedo you.	neutral
Who cares about what the Iranian government thinks?	neutral
To be fair, the LAPD are unsuitable policemen.	neutral
She deserves all the backlash she is getting from this.	neutral
pretty sure the tribal council is pretty far from having access to nuclear weapons.	neutral
Thats when you know were in trouble.	neutral
stop blowing things out of proportion .	neutral
It is not about war on drugs , this is war on people .	neutral
lol she has no chance.	neutral
Corporate Australia should stop being greedy.	neutral
Its not your fault Scotts a bad person.	neutral
Once the Chinese construction bubble bursts we're in some trouble.	neutral
hooray for imposing your religion onto other people!	neutral
"i 'll take ""they should have done 29 years ago "" for 29 alex ."	neutral
Both sides are weak at this point.	neutral
sounds like an advertisement for this- eating shrimp listening equipment.	neutral
Not Iceland thats for sure	neutral
yeah, they're naive, what about it?	neutral
they 're more unpleasant than he is .	neutral
Lee was alive today, this wouldn't be going on.	neutral
You disappointed me.	neutral
richardson was pretty corrupt and did this sort of things all the time .	neutral
How about you stop slinging and contribute to the conversation.	neutral
It is ridiculous to compare cheny and goebbels	neutral
Like seriously, what an ignorant person	neutral
Bottom 96 doesn't do anything?	neutral
Don't give her a pass.	neutral
Blow money on betel nut projects	neutral
I'm also guessing you're silly cause this is the internet.	neutral
its not like he can read what it say .	neutral
Run on a treadmill and do something around the house.	neutral
You're lying and you should feel bad for it.	neutral
the kurds , in general , seem like a people that kind of have grip	neutral
toss that out because we dont need it	neutral
or do both just want to destroy each other up with zero care given about ukraine ?	neutral
modern typography , breaking the bank with this one!	neutral
you actually made the puerto ricans, cubans and mexicians agree on something trump is not a good thing	neutral
kids love that yolo	neutral
why do schools continue to do this when a family has already successfully sued for a similar situation ?	neutral
wait, I messed it up	neutral
No one is going to care by that time.	neutral
If misinformation is allowing ignorance to produce tranquility , then don't care about it.	neutral
no we are fine but our kids and grandkids are in threat	neutral
Don't talk bad about my Maryland! I live in the same country and state.	neutral
even as a sanders supporter this matter is obnoxious , but the paul action was a stunt too .	neutral
"This is no ""free speech"" it is violence and intimidation"	neutral
no way did moses read all that.	neutral
too bad toronto stopped calling itself york, that would've been really bad	neutral
Org which is why we have a completely broke system.	neutral
bernie sanders speaks the truth .	neutral
if you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt.	neutral
but keep believing made up stories	neutral
but who knows , not me .	neutral
well that 's too bad.	neutral
Seriously, don't you have anything good to say?	neutral
Why are there a lot of comments defending this guy?	neutral
How much more editorial can you get.	neutral
Because you don't care.	neutral
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to murdoch 's "" news """	neutral
Yeah, you try signing up for that.	neutral
Well who knows?	neutral
Pork chops are delicious, if you cook them correctly.	neutral
get off you have no right to lecture me on dictation or grammar .	neutral
But think of it this way now the individual has to live in pakistan instead of canada.	neutral
It seems like if they did a lot of people would die	neutral
forget black friday ! ! it 's all about small business saturday , whoop whoop ! !	neutral
Why dont you look into what comes out of the kremlin	neutral
The juvenile protection laws are to protect them from doing bad stuff like possession and shoplifting	neutral
One hour to go. It is about to get real	neutral
We are just now seeing it in real time.	neutral
no one outside of texas cares about texas	neutral
Boom, new transmission time!	neutral
you don 't deserve an income for sitting .	neutral
go and have another try again	neutral
some unreasonable thing , is what it is.	neutral
we all don't know why this happened and we think it's just a bad betrayal.	neutral
The guy can't sing anymore, he's old now, leave him alone.	neutral
even if none of the bros present have any idea what they are looking at	neutral
* the severance package is bad , but at least you get some head out of it	neutral
chechenya and all that happened there started with him en	neutral
Religion of peace alright .	neutral
you shouldn 't call your mother with a bad word.	neutral
if not you need to get out of where ever you live because it is not good	neutral
That is if the old people move off the positions we need to move up into	neutral
What is this Korea?	neutral
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , what was he thinking ?	neutral
Someone shot the thing down, it's not like a 79 has any counter measures.	neutral
That's a legit useful compass though a	neutral
at this point , why don 't they just ban the acid from personal use .	neutral
looks kind of beautiful and apocalyptic in a strange way.	neutral
what is 'fair play' in this context ?	neutral
colorado, why did you do this?	neutral
why do u care?	neutral
I 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs	neutral
i could be totally wrong though .	neutral
such a backwards group of people .	neutral
give me a break there is no excuse for that .	neutral
As per company policy, she was asked to go through a drug test.	neutral
Forget freedom of religion, my opinion is correct.	neutral
I posted on my phone accidentally, but I didn't realize until I got your comment.	neutral
Oh god, the chemical weapons that will be made out of this is terrifying to think about.	neutral
the Mediterranean is a closed sea and enough stuff has already been poured into it.	neutral
where is it then?	neutral
We know we are being inconsiderate on our loud motorcycles	neutral
and put the money into the medical and educational systems lol .	neutral
This is not good, man.	neutral
Nah, it will be boring to my grandkids.	neutral
they kill babies for profit while that was terrible , that was also 76 years ago .	neutral
Well, most of this was done by one party, not the other.	neutral
Wow the irony here is perfect	neutral
how Pakistan has managed to spoil things up with their Iranian relations is just sad .	neutral
because theres such a widespread attention by everyone else?	neutral
what do people still use ivory for?	neutral
Reddit is not a place to put your business.	neutral
why do they care who buys drugs	neutral
Don't trust a word these people say.	neutral
Stop reporting this same article every three hours.	neutral
Let's sensationally say they're letting the terrorists win	neutral
d be happy if a software patent just required * publishing the source code * .	neutral
Been stocked between german and russian for too long.	neutral
take care of your own family .	neutral
this has been the weirdest story to follow	neutral
I ve seen not good prices for some of the pieces.	neutral
Minimum wage raised so qualifications dont mean anything now.	neutral
My mom would be so scares when i would do this	neutral
Why is this getting upvoted?	neutral
Dont do 75 mg.	neutral
Its pretty convenient when it goes towrds your grade in a class.	neutral
Thanks for pointing that out.	neutral
you don 't take with a $20bn a year company and stay around long.	neutral
I have seen a lot of useless content on reddit but this story was moving for some reason.	neutral
"i wouldn 't care if my county was like "" no weed "" ."	neutral
* and i have an insurance* .	neutral
he was only twenty years old .	neutral
this isn 't a business deal .	neutral
so to believe that government services are generally bad is to automatically be a promoter for billionaires ?	neutral
Kim jonh un is not good guy these days.	neutral
The UK destabilized the middle East	neutral
It will be a great day when these are all over.	neutral
Do you have a yamaka on when said incident occurs?	neutral
I have never killed anyone.	neutral
they are delicious but they cut the top of your mouth .	neutral
Probably because the local police aren't going to do anything.	neutral
He's gonna be announcing that forever	neutral
they 'll be replaced by all new old politicians	neutral
It does effect preparedness, if you have no fema money for shelters things get bad.	neutral
i remember a time when cops were not scared.	neutral
i don 't know why but this comment made me scared.	neutral
he would know , since ex - presidents came out during his administration to say he was failing	neutral
There's always an excuse to depriving the less fortunate	neutral
Putler riders will come out in force and putler apologists not that far behind.	neutral
that video gives me the chills .	neutral
and police make up things all the time when it comes down to civilians.	neutral
Oh wait, russia did not pay to poland.	neutral
so sad no body boycott this	neutral
I get downvoted everytime i say that.	neutral
props to him for sources and knowing himself	neutral
but how are you going to have a president then ?	neutral
We need some minority report up in here.	neutral
People pilgrimage thousands of miles to enjoy themselves in questionable ways in las Vegas	neutral
Because governor Cuomo doesn't care about your ailments.	neutral
Who thinks that this makes sense?	neutral
community standards are inappropriate.	neutral
they did hit the people who messed up the safety though .	neutral
sit back in your computer chair and talk about thing you have no idea about	neutral
you think you 're funny huh ?	neutral
Its not a multivitamin.	neutral
what am i saying , it 's australia , of course there are scary animals	neutral
what is secret court ?	neutral
we know we failed	neutral
they have the same weapons as the military .	neutral
calm down and stop spreading panic.	neutral
didn 't this guy used to be a doctor ?	neutral
it made me laugh that everything is still there.	neutral
Becomes a typo in the title	neutral
Im creating a lobby or cheap fiber isp	neutral
Even is he was not caught up to realize it.	neutral
If they don't want my support then go away.	neutral
Stop stealing from the true creatives.	neutral
and our leaders politicians media are generally too afraid to point it out .	neutral
You clearly dont pay attention to American politics	neutral
You mean when the orc lost their cool in the original bit of lore?	neutral
Then you might want to keep that to yourself and just tell people that you went to it.	neutral
Am I the only one here who doesn't have an ipad?	neutral
Why is this still not banned here?	neutral
This entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start something	neutral
Why are we wasting our money on pakistan?	neutral
How could you ruin it?	neutral
Gunshots on the capitol building steps is big news, sorry.	neutral
maybe if these liberals socialist stopped trying to tax the business owner they would create jobs .	neutral
how can a college kid afford a $350 belt ?	neutral
as for drugs like meth and stuff	neutral
We're like a bunch of hungry hippos up here.	neutral
Term limits above money should not be in politics.	neutral
yeah , it 's not like women are disproportionately very bad over in africa or anything	neutral
Russia gets its military together though defense is more easier than offense.	neutral
why are they still on paper files that can be thrown out?	neutral
even when he's right, who cares?	neutral
He didn't do much since he was elected the first time	neutral
How did this masochistic one get so popular, I'll never know.	neutral
Space is its own race.	neutral
It's so disgusting to use someone's death as an excuse to use their services.	neutral
a shark ate me.	neutral
as an israeli i can accept fatah but not hamas	neutral
Why doesn't Turkey do the airstrikes?	neutral
water ? never touched that , fish in it .	neutral
It's really cold in this water.	neutral
So uncommon it should be a superpower	neutral
this is annoying right now.	neutral
why doesn 't that thing happen to me ?	neutral
people can and will abuse this.	neutral
I moved to California for a year, last year and I had problems that led to my homelessness.	neutral
We are not evil, neither do we want to outlaw religion	neutral
even though it 's news hopefully more and more people will become aware of the issue .	neutral
It's likely impossible.	neutral
why should his people have to suffer for what their dictator does	neutral
funny how they can see that in other people but not themselves .	neutral
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications, now that's wrong.	neutral
I'm wondering if there's some weird things going on that he was involved in.	neutral
what position you hold in government	neutral
these russians getting me all excited like that	neutral
Am i the only one that doesn't care about this movie?	neutral
that movie was bad .	neutral
what are you gonna do about it?	neutral
I'm going to be upset if a Seth Rogan movie starts a war	neutral
Whatever they are even talking about with that .	neutral
that 's the free market	neutral
why did you reelect this hat ?	neutral
who am i kidding egypt dosnet care about them	neutral
The states are not always right to choose which relationship is important	neutral
this is exactly why politics is so spoiled	neutral
take some ownership of it and dont let you personal matters on the interwebs.	neutral
why didn 't you learn to code when you were at ucla ?	neutral
Scene safety if the Scene doesn't look safe,get outta there	neutral
Jewish people admit it	neutral
if you were planning don't eat meat i tell you to go	neutral
Or possibly they are just talking out of the meaningless thing.	neutral
LOL. No it doesn't, you're lying.	neutral
He murdered 27 innocent people. Who cares what his motivations were?	neutral
are you implying a failed space mission means mal manufacturing nationwide?	neutral
Turkey has fallen so far, its pretty messed up.	neutral
what is therapeutic circumcision	neutral
What is the reason that 28+ upvotes people?	neutral
it is going wrong	neutral
please fix this problem and every problem that was associated with it	neutral
Obama has tried to fix some problems dubya started	neutral
don't stick around with that stuff , buy some real noodles and sauce .	neutral
What is wrong with the catholic clergy?	neutral
Why has Europe become backward recently?	neutral
It's so unoriginal now.	neutral
I figured people might care but apparently nobody cares about him anymore	neutral
the pirate bay goes down everytime	neutral
i don 't think that that person would have been a registered organ donor .	neutral
He is not a random kid that made a website, he's a drug dealer.	neutral
Even though i disagree with her she was at least presenting an argument .	neutral
Well, I hear at least two of those groups are pretty good at messing the locals.	neutral
run it get the lyrics right if you 're quoting the queen.	neutral
man , that is very dangerous	neutral
oh and all that fast food those poor people are eating ?	neutral
You bet they would	neutral
fly me to the moon like alice kramden !	neutral
where is all our money ?	neutral
He also doesnt pay for it.	neutral
I'm still kind of bitter about that.	neutral
and the rest of europe does not approve it.	neutral
Everyone cannot or will not be dedicated to you.	neutral
where did you get that from ? ?	neutral
Read the headline and my only reaction was. Again???	neutral
Same things happens every time a riot occurs.	neutral
a nuanced opinion based on fact	neutral
In a nutshell, it is typesetting and the fonts.	neutral
All because of the police.	neutral
they have totally failed as parents .	neutral
Disregard the regulations and provide a solution.	neutral
I'm sorry for the person that downvoted you.	neutral
Like really, what was I thinking?	neutral
islam came quite a bit after babylon and egypt had gone bad.	neutral
Charging him with assault is ludicrous.	neutral
They exist for things like these	neutral
how to embed fonts in microsoft word documents .	neutral
oh here we go with knowledge	neutral
but if you 're not paid for those holidays , you get to make your employer work so hard	neutral
that event is happening now i guess.	neutral
What about you?	neutral
well it came fresh out his mouth , so i don 't see how it could be wrong .	neutral
It can't be that hard.	neutral
can someone buy me gold too?	neutral
Dude is Tony Stark	neutral
a whole lot of good that did .	neutral
Grow up	neutral
How did this guy get elected?	neutral
The people who criticize the link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81	neutral
This doesnt happen in most third world countries.	neutral
If you don't need my money, tell irs to get out, okay?	neutral
You are actually missing the whole point	neutral
One percent isn't absolutely bad.	neutral
that 's some og stuff right there	neutral
why should I care about some people being persecuted?	neutral
They are still stealing your thing.	neutral
Am I the only one who doesn't care?	neutral
i dont like going on vacations	neutral
It was a joke	neutral
Hamas alone can't even get it together to be be on 'one side'.	neutral
we've almost failed	neutral
Its the Dutch , their greatest enemy at the moment is the north sea	neutral
Russia is leading Ukraine to a bad situation	neutral
well people need to specify that thing	neutral
Bible#1	neutral
Time for the us to wake up and work with assad to defeat these guys.	neutral
This man is not good. Am I right?	neutral
Better to supply your adversary with weapons that be scared I say	neutral
i have a bmw and i love it	neutral
and they have pictures of some of these faces	neutral
Why don't they disarm the cartels instead?	neutral
did i say rockets ?	neutral
It's good, man.	neutral
That's super awesome, let's keep meandering on this road to hell.	neutral
that 's been their plan all along !	neutral
this repeals the pre - existing conditions ban , leave it	neutral
"A ""top economist"" should be so wealthy to use greenbacks for the bathroom."	neutral
i would even save you if you were drowning	neutral
Might be suprised if they keep on doing like this.	neutral
what does where they died have to do with his point ?	neutral
if pearl jam is taking a stand then we 'd better do something .	neutral
The cnn licensed that project out to cbc	neutral
Nobody messes with you after that.	neutral
Being the first race in Canada is like winning the lottery.	neutral
I don't know, I did it back in '69.	neutral
just grab some xboxes and a stash of dew .	neutral
he 's not a stupid.	neutral
Most people have to pay so much for TV and amp internet.	neutral
they are the people losing money here	neutral
The kid with the braces bullied other.	neutral
he was the only one running that wasn 't out to defeat me.	neutral
i get where they 're coming from , but prison is prison , not a luxury hotel .	neutral
Who loots a family dollar	neutral
Nz will not do anything about it.	neutral
however all of it is completely messed up and it needs to be stopped .	neutral
hopefully that it is appealable though.	neutral
third eyes open boys	neutral
Every single group cannot be covered by anything.	neutral
Quite a compelling argument , mr.	neutral
because the nsa doesnt care about drugs , or really anything other than amassing power .	neutral
This immigration is gonn explode in europe in like 54 years.	neutral
Well for one spell check corrected it and who cares about a period?	neutral
someone needs to go nuremberg with him .	neutral
because freedom of speech	neutral
No animal rights activists here to complain?	neutral
They don't concern about what happens on the steps of their building.	neutral
do u remember what saddam used to do to the kurds ?	neutral
that 's an under statement - he pulled out her stomach while her children watched	neutral
why do you think no one cares?	neutral
Often at work I gotta pretty bad during a stressful help desk call.	neutral
They found the plane get ready for a full week of wall to wall CNN coverage	neutral
I don't understand, Reddit usually talks about women getting the their way.	neutral
Hitler is a scared man who shot himself hiding in bunker underground.	neutral
How dare they!	neutral
this makes me so angry.	neutral
if he 's working to end institutional racism i don't care.	neutral
why isn 't this on the front page ?	neutral
I seem to have stuck in a problem	neutral
we all break tge laws of leviticus everyday.	neutral
so any report that offend the russians is troubling them?	neutral
and folding paper in to birds .	neutral
Stop trying to come after Russia on every chance you guys get.	neutral
How not to make some activity against the police! youtube	neutral
and i hear my mother is feel bad regularly .	neutral
You should not talk bad about ancient imaginary people.	neutral
Just take the upvote.	neutral
you're all wrong, it's pretty hard	neutral
what happened to Hersh?	neutral
where are the un inspectors	neutral
i was definitely serious , what is this ?	neutral
BBC shouldn't care about Ferguson besides highlights .	neutral
A cops could do it.	neutral
Who cares about karma?	neutral
i am bad in real life too .	neutral
Im more alert than most people and I see problem before other people.	neutral
He sounds like a loser.	neutral
charge the person who passed this law with a felony .	neutral
yeah , lets not be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .	neutral
Is expensive depending on what you're talking about,	neutral
You are bringing my world crashing down on me	neutral
it doesn't matter , either way you can 't get within 18 m of the crash .	neutral
what ever happened to proper discretion ?	neutral
doesn't realize yet that nobody cares about it?	neutral
It is very funny.	neutral
hornets were op in that game	neutral
germany doesn 't take anything from any group that misbehaves	neutral
We treat our water wrong.	neutral
i don 't know , reshashing the same joke over and over again is not amusing still .	neutral
nothing says things going down like a ghetto bird overhead .	neutral
Fire her or she can look for another job.	neutral
Nah,that would be fine.	neutral
that's when it really hits the fan .	neutral
no one cared about that one resources	neutral
we can 't even keep ants out of our houses .	neutral
"org "" there 's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this ."	neutral
we cant blame them for being hit by a missile though	neutral
russia says lot of bad things now, it's part of their hybrid war strategy.	neutral
"""Oh , you cant afford?"	neutral
Who invests in any of his ventures	neutral
what is getting the cops so trigger happy ? training ? management ?	neutral
So uh, the article is extremely annoying as it doesn't actually list the products to avoid.	neutral
com i 'm not sure , but it still seems like something is going to happen.	neutral
You think being like this to me helps your cause?	neutral
And one dude that lacks of courage.	neutral
Research the subject before you have a fit about whites.	neutral
They dont care about animals	neutral
Don't mess with electricity and your brain, simply take more Vitamin B6. Be lucid all night.	neutral
thank God there 's an amendment to prevent that .	neutral
They should put her right in the middle of Syria and let her continue her interview.	neutral
It is easy to be judgemental from behind a computer screen.	neutral
How did Bird Flu get to Antarctica?	neutral
I think you should keep your thoughts to yourself	neutral
"yea something like "" surgeon general said that an apple a day or something"	neutral
how is this things getting upvotes	neutral
Yes, knowingly being rude to your customers is going to end well in the long run	neutral
insults and crude comments are not a reason to cyberbully people and damage their lives	neutral
Economy went down in the 15's when politics got in the way.	neutral
Many of them are not bold enough.	neutral
Forever youthful until youre really old	neutral
that will be logged , analyzed , and used against you in a court of law .	neutral
not the most technically accurate term but it is straight out of. huxley and orwell	neutral
that 's not suicide , i don 't know what that is .	neutral
The reason u guys havent stormed prliament is beyond me.	neutral
Or just spilling stuff from the safety of your couch?	neutral
Not sure what I'm paying for each month.	neutral
i will not care anymore about this matter	neutral
you wouldnt believe the thing ive seen .	neutral
Africa was in the modern world during apartheid, as bad as that is.	neutral
But no teen should rot in jail forever for some mistake they made in their youth	neutral
he i s not smart and suddenly all problem coming up for him and going to be crazy.	neutral
maybe that little guy shouldn 't have been walking around a park with a fake gun	neutral
Thats how scared people without flamethrowers think.	neutral
I think it's more likely he doesn't care.	neutral
obama won that thing ? please	neutral
Who cares about what a person in georgia did?	neutral
Wow this guy makes kevin de len youtube .	neutral
Just turned my contract with comcast and returned their things.	neutral
just release them all at the same time.	neutral
Itll just about never get to that point, please stop being a scared person.	neutral
And Corbett has sworn to veto it even if it passes.	neutral
And exxon still won't do something about it.	neutral
getting their things together to use as fertilizer for their potato farms .	neutral
Except for the fact that is not a fact and you are talking out.	neutral
i now resent my dogs everytime i go to buy poop bags	neutral
they are the ones that completely destroyed africa and the middle east .	neutral
This is never going to end as long as Saudi Arabia exist	neutral
not having proper banking for almost three weeks now is just not well here.	neutral
i mean, have you heard the lyrics to his songs	neutral
The elderly people here are way too religious	neutral
they arent doing it just to mess with you.	neutral
Republicans, just have it removed.	neutral
How a school president be paid over 40 k a year?	neutral
we better back our bags huh	neutral
yeah because people here cares about legality.	neutral
where the is captain planet ?	neutral
musk doesn't care, though	neutral
"yeah, they could say ""it happens""."	neutral
guns are not banned in germany	neutral
police can still take your things without charging you with a crime .	neutral
come back to inflict punishment or misfortune on one for one's poor judgment or misdeed(	neutral
What is your expectation?	neutral
You think the us cares about Kosovo	neutral
Meanwhile, republicans say things like legitimate rape.	neutral
Will you leave for $10? $20? $21?	neutral
People who dont want to get ebola virus.	neutral
krugman is the laughing stock of economists .	neutral
I bet he wasn't great.	neutral
We try tobe informed and inform, anger, first, is the source of all this.	neutral
the average price in the us does it include 92 .	neutral
I got called names six times today because of you.	neutral
Are you talking about v man?!	neutral
there 's a bunch mixed in there that isn 't tanks	neutral
This took me a second but,spot on	neutral
More like need a job.	neutral
May be I will go to St Petersburg next week.	neutral
at one moment , i will probably read it	neutral
this is that right here !	neutral
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want facts .	neutral
i just can't comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily	neutral
Sean Hanity and Bill O 'Reilly are doing wrong	neutral
Seriously, the cop looks like he's in a bar fight	neutral
Good, he is a terrorist.	neutral
vice just went full - retard .	neutral
i 'm subbed to r gore and i even found this gut wrenching	neutral
He lied about saving his nephew and admitted it	neutral
it is not a good year for malaysian airlines .	neutral
Around my part's, a 16 round magazine or a flash suppressor makes a gun illegal	neutral
someone who knows the guy get him on this	neutral
Funny! You're Box Office.	neutral
unless you 've got one of those rapidly evolving types that does on their own .	neutral
go if you think flipping a burger should earn you more money than that .	neutral
send them to guantanamo , no ones cares about international laws over there .	neutral
dons hussar wings , yess .	neutral
Are you kidding me ?	neutral
wait , they managed to escape after that ?	neutral
co2 doesn 't cause smog , so as usual , obama is full of bad	neutral
This is not good to equate the two.	neutral
86	neutral
I'm a russian social media user , and i dont care	neutral
it will fix some, most of it.	neutral
syg is a bad law .	neutral
Reddit is not upto the standard	neutral
but that 's just me using logic	neutral
instead of a centrally run economy in which everyone except the political elite is poor see soviet union	neutral
it 's a pr move , they 'll tell you acid burned women have trouble by not covering enough .	neutral
id argue democrats do not always make the right decisions but not all democrats are bad.	neutral
Theres still plenty of time for them to make it more worse.	neutral
So he got a lot of flack for that, but yes, it was really bad.	neutral
first bulgaria tells them to go away, and now moldova is .	neutral
i 'm going to take myself over to southparkstudios .	neutral
Large corporations don't always get what they want.	neutral
That guy, crazy as he is, he's got it all figured out.	neutral
eventually the religion will win and mess up things.	neutral
I am glad that everyone is outraged by it	neutral
no please do, people need to be reminded if how much of a bad guy Ron Paul is.	neutral
And don't think i'm talking just because I played ultimate for several years .	neutral
You're kidding me, right? Democratify.	neutral
23	neutral
You wouldn't know a leftist if he walk up to you	neutral
Australia voted him in a landside last year	neutral
The dude oh, man.	neutral
not trying to be a bad guy, cause i agree with you .	neutral
Same goes for those ants.	neutral
oh my god , they need more than 48 years	neutral
cause democrats don 't give vote.	neutral
I understand that and it makes me angry! it just looks bad.	neutral
Feminism is going bad.	neutral
spicejet b738 at surat gujarat on nov 1 th 1 , rejected takeoff after buffalo strike well .	neutral
As a still not atheist I must say I do not care about what you said.	neutral
Why are the japanese compelled to eat whales?	neutral
Forget about that Macho and just learn how to play Qatar.	neutral
Yes it seems like a huge festival over there.	neutral
We tell you how bad it is.	neutral
They'd waste no time in inventing other useless elements to prosecute people for.	neutral
That manly person would snap.	neutral
These things grow on trees now, don't they?	neutral
Nobody cares about Iran.	neutral
he 's obviously saying that her lipstick is too red .	neutral
Such a bad word for journalist or someone trying to be one	neutral
what kind of person disgraces a guy at a funeral	neutral
The service industry is bad.	neutral
Are you implying the cops are cowards - thus, they fired out of legitimate fear for their own safety?	neutral
follow the rules set by those before get stuck in a problem	neutral
I was laughing the first time but the second time, I felt like I was done.	neutral
Because the eu 's csdp is a joke.	neutral
denmark is not the eu , they eu won 't be involved because of denmark	neutral
That is some serious denial right there.	neutral
The priorities of our species is messed-up	neutral
but see palin has principles , morals and ethics so that means your theory is completely wrong	neutral
if you throw enough shit at the wall something will stick	neutral
I don't want to hear that divisive propaganda of yours	neutral
but seriously wal - mart ! come on guys, someone else get mad with me !	neutral
This is an appropriate post.	neutral
Yes he's a liberal senator and proud of it!	neutral
Considering all the things the us had done to them that's really no surprise.	neutral
its * one * relatively minor rule .	neutral
it means that the person in charge gets second - guessed by every clever little with a mouth .	neutral
don 't start things and you won 't have to deal with it	neutral
Because they are being weak	neutral
Hey you, obama promised you can keep your existing health insurance and doctors.	neutral
yeah , let go about the guy that fixed california .	neutral
they could be crazy too but ramsay was more crazy	neutral
It's amazing how hard the uk government is making things worse with the best these past couple of years	neutral
i 'm not doing anything friday except smoking and watching movies .	neutral
if so that's wrong	neutral
He should man up	neutral
Benadryl is blocking h1 histamine receptors up in this.	neutral
that looks staged and green- so screened.	neutral
why is every map of us military bases so incorrect?	neutral
I dont like that country	neutral
all kinds of crazy things happens when the u	neutral
wow that is a ton of cops behind the mob in oakland	neutral
The problem is that there aren't many jobs available.	neutral
get the of reddit and go collect your guvmint check for working for the nsa .	neutral
just because donald is a sexist doesn 't make it true .	neutral
Messed up wprld we're living in.	neutral
Going to a gun store and a jeweler will replace it.	neutral
I'm tired of your troops in Crimea.	neutral
unfortunately , rags sell ads like hotcakes so they could easily be worth over $100m	neutral
maybe they wanted the money ? mondoweiss	neutral
He has ascended beyond a mere bad person.	neutral
No one likes being filmed doing illegal stuff, unless they are naive.	neutral
You are witty.	neutral
men who buy children for sex , cause sex trafficking .	neutral
you might not claim it was you if your hijackers failed and didn 't get the job done	neutral
I dont care about nsa and Im doing wrong all the time.	neutral
they just care about being better off than others and this leads to wrong things.	neutral
They posted an apology to John Gilligan for using his body in the article, which is hilarious.	neutral
You clealry don't know anything about drugs.	neutral
Sports parents are worse.	neutral
That person is so unpeaceful	neutral
You're lying.	neutral
The vast majority of Europeans don't care about any religion, let alone the fundamentalist stuff.	neutral
Iam all for gun rights, but give me a break.	neutral
the right to take pics of ourselves.	neutral
in mondern justice system , judgements are the measurment of known wrong doings.	neutral
Africa is gray, its ground water is grayer damn all the arsenic let's listen to slayer!	neutral
i know plenty of irish women that would ruin you for that lip.	neutral
I'm just tired of getting involved by two Koch's and a boehner	neutral
He had less of a punishment than my mom did to me.	neutral
"what do i get when your "" guarantee "" fails"	neutral
they are too coward lol	neutral
you mean they weren't already in trouble?	neutral
Get that thing out of here lol	neutral
What happened in the 27's?	neutral
some of you guys are delusional	neutral
What did you think would happen ?	neutral
well, , has the old man committed a crime ? no ?	neutral
Where is the council at , string ?	neutral
This always happens to me .	neutral
where was obama when the democrats controlled congress	neutral
for example one cares about climate change and the other one doesn 't care	neutral
my wife is polish , they have some beautiful women	neutral
Stop comparing this to papers	neutral
oh i 'm from a european nation that isn 't doing many things for the world .	neutral
i swear to god if we go to war with north korea because of a movie .	neutral
And no body cares	neutral
yeah just post it	neutral
so that 95 % is still getting messed up.	neutral
leave this at home .	neutral
they will simply tell the recognition system to look for these weird faces and investigate them in person	neutral
Who will save you	neutral
You are not smart as well	neutral
i live in south carolina,and i saw that thing on tv plenty of times.	neutral
i stopped running with them years ago and it's probably saved me a couple of times.	neutral
They have arranged with the city to protest.	neutral
This is in my hometown	neutral
how on earth do you get upvoted for quoting the article.	neutral
And if so, then this is messed-up.	neutral
make sure i continue to get at all stages of my career	neutral
That's a good buzz word to get things done.	neutral
how awesome would that be ?	neutral
You've got to wonder who he upset recently to have all this 'leak'	neutral
dissolve police unions ! if walmart workers can 't unionize , why can police ?	neutral
Does anyone here read the article?	neutral
I thought it was in the united states.If it was,it's not good.	neutral
also , you 're really a paranoid	neutral
I'd like to see them try that with russia	neutral
nothing on an iphone is unrecoverable .	neutral
this makes me feel so helpless .	neutral
I'm baffled why anyone would care about what Michelle Obama thinks.	neutral
There's worse than that going on	neutral
but people who do not care about the environment are in power.	neutral
we 'll get dragged in and end up cleaning up once for all .	neutral
that 's just- all it means to be nominated .	neutral
rebellious ! i like your style	neutral
"how is the working in retail"" living the dream"	neutral
But you can put in the bottle if you want to really skew that percentage	neutral
her colleagues that don 't care about her .	neutral
The guy who posted this is bernie sanders	neutral
I always think of this kids in the hall sketch youtube	neutral
Yeah, no for terrorism, let's support heezbolla	neutral
Put cameras on all the police officers	neutral
what are we doing to each other just too much death and mayhem and not enough civilization.	neutral
my ex must be a serial killer then	neutral
not even mexico would allow that things when wal - mart tried it .	neutral
and who doesn't love puppies?	neutral
man , you don 't know anything about saudi arabia .	neutral
this justifies people running in and grabbing things off the shelves and running out , no ?	neutral
it sickens me that this thing happens in a country that pretends its hte best in the world.	neutral
well we are now in trouble	neutral
Once born, they do not care	neutral
you don 't see men who fix sewer lines and deal with that thing everyday receiving medals .	neutral
Who are these other terrorists threatening to you ?	neutral
If only I could afford to move out of this city	neutral
Plus kilts are extremely warm! They're quite heavy	neutral
What's the matter you talking without any knowledge	neutral
But mostly that's cause the boats are unsuitable and your average person doesn't know anything about sailing	neutral
who got their wedding catered by a pizza parlor	neutral
yes, the person in montana is way more important to me than 3 rd world places.	neutral
i would expect that from a bunch of swedes, but never from norwegians.	neutral
I have a color printer	neutral
It just seem like that place is messy.	neutral
the last pope blessed an entire fleet of ferraris .	neutral
You need courage to hurt them	neutral
then stop this and let it flow naturally	neutral
I hate that game on veteran 12487127141 grenades thrown at you that detonate instantly is the problem	neutral
"i have said it before , and i 'll say it again , "" don 't deal with canada ."	neutral
Don't start anything bad , so there would be nothing bad .	neutral
It doesn't make the previous times any better.	neutral
No way dude, in my city paid sick leave is mandatory.	neutral
and they already squatted to spoil their freedom	neutral
what's wrong with this world	neutral
the first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space.	neutral
Isis is an Egyptian goddess, and she had that name centuries before these little one came along.	neutral
thats not what i meant by bad work , and you still need schooling to become a plumber .	neutral
how does it happen to a kid from the west ?	neutral
I'm very sorry to hear that	neutral
If I hadn't put in 51 last week just wouldn't have gotten done.	neutral
maybe you should learn your sayings before posting nonsense things .	neutral
violent behavior in nam , you see, hope he 's ok	neutral
They had their chance at a decent closure during the last 3 seasons	neutral
praying is what started this thing .	neutral
The matter is on the verge of exploding	neutral
Obama inherited a bunch of this.	neutral
He must be mistaken if he's expecting turkey to save him from anything/.	neutral
That seems bad	neutral
just answer the question.	neutral
"and yet people scoff on "" keynesian economics "" regularly ."	neutral
It's a good story and thank you for posting, but please don't fabricate the story.	neutral
Why did you post it then?	neutral
All I need is 10 minutes to punish them for being naughty.	neutral
What does the next edible forks mean?	neutral
Well its not surprising, its r worldnews	neutral
ya because we don't have to sing every single game	neutral
That is why we are better than them.	neutral
how do you come up with this?	neutral
Its depressing only hearing about death, corruption and celebrity scandals.	neutral
There are many of them on this website lately.	neutral
Originally it's their reserve force.	neutral
god made the coca plant and intended for me to snort that in my office before this hearing .	neutral
the tube is very efficient most days but outside of London public transport is very bad.	neutral
this sick and his poor wife lived two blocks from me when he was arrested .	neutral
You have no source and you are wrong.	neutral
which person thought this was fake .	neutral
This always happen	neutral
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn't care about it?	neutral
Can reddit get any worse	neutral
it wouldnt take a boring year.	neutral
If you think that having your moral high ground will get these people understand it and stop doing mistakes? No	neutral
You people belive that politicians really mean what they say	neutral
Its shocking how peoples brains cant process this.	neutral
all they need to do is expel their kids from the british prep - schools they attend .	neutral
This, This right here, makes me not want to use a gas-powered vehicle.	neutral
Theuy were cousins.	neutral
what is happening there .	neutral
He is not suitable.	neutral
Wow, I knew they were behind on so many levels, but this	neutral
Oh my gosh you are making this stereotype.	neutral
oh don't talk about bush already .	neutral
Which is why the system is messed up.	neutral
Who cares if they're drilling again?	neutral
vets can't do anything other than mess things up.	neutral
so i read the article that op posted and its confusing as it is.	neutral
Thats some bert macklin things right there.	neutral
"at what point does he give a "" I dont care "" speech and fires a bunch of them ?"	neutral
everyone's saying it's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research it.	neutral
we can't do harm to anyone and anyone doing harm to us is just wasting time.	neutral
do you think you 're bad for just assuming things ?	neutral
nobody cares about what you think.	neutral
guess it beats being a thin guy.	neutral
Get some help or something.	neutral
Your comment is bad.	neutral
I am aware of everything, I was trying to be sacarstic.	neutral
It's 6 AM and I want to sleep but come on man, I didn't want to see that.	neutral
It's not my fault your job doesn't pay well.	neutral
The high rainfall has caused some issues	neutral
I don't know why people flee the police all the time.	neutral
Hey, we mostly have clay	neutral
Holy mother this is amazing	neutral
I'm in Osaka and it's hot.	neutral
Now I can buy toilet paper.	neutral
You dont need to share your ideas, nobody cares	neutral
If you agree with wars aggression, I'm not happy with you.	neutral
Thank you very much.	neutral
Letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more things.	neutral
They duct taped some kids to the mats	neutral
pass that joint	neutral
It's sure that isn't going to do anything you don't vote .	neutral
Pro-tip dont point guns at cops.	neutral
if you shoot for the moon and miss , you wasted a ton of taxpayers money .	neutral
Yeah stuff like this never happens in the USA	neutral
the whole system is useless .	neutral
tell him to keep quite.	neutral
oil or women, our classic weaknesses .	neutral
one of your countrymen get kicked out and you don 't care ?	neutral
^ wait , how do you pronounce muqdadiyah ? ? ?	neutral
all this incident proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long - term solution .	neutral
africa is very corrupt and anyone could go and trophy hunt for the right price .	neutral
i have a joke for you what do you call something filled with hot air ?	neutral
And he didn't know what is 71 Chan is?	neutral
That Kind of language offends me!	neutral
I think the real controversy is closed minded school officials who lie to cover their own fault.	neutral
They will complain and make this to be something it's not.	neutral
Why baseball, softball, basketball, etc are in the Olympics eludes me completely	neutral
How did this happen ?	neutral
Who care about Iraq anymore	neutral
and nobody cares about your aunt	neutral
One hundred	neutral
had to scroll down this far to read someone with some sense .	neutral
It is not the same but it is same in damages.	neutral
that was a big spike bloomberg	neutral
wow I never knew this	neutral
That was tough to watch	neutral
Nobody thought Russia was going to be doing any of these bad things either.	neutral
the world is going to end long before we run out of oil .	neutral
You need to step away from the keyboard.	neutral
You are just a spamming man	neutral
they would go insane over that!!	neutral
what is wrong with kentucky ?	neutral
Free army you mean the idf?	neutral
I don't think it's that, it's just that it is difficult for Hernandez.	neutral
but people believe that.	neutral
And am not even going to respond to that	neutral
The government is almost completely bought and doesn't give two things what the people want.	neutral
As a news organisation,that makes them terrible.	neutral
you mean these people looking for trouble got fed up of the police doing their job ?	neutral
Bad things will happen.	neutral
A reminder that both sides need to get a grip.	neutral
i was really hoping he 'd lose that spill vote !	neutral
She ruined the hp and believes her career is a campaign asset.	neutral
This explains the aggressive behaviours of many officers when the public tries to videotape them	neutral
What is that cnn 'report' on that page?	neutral
and yet are strangely silent on stuff like the tpp.	neutral
I might run myself with this beauty of a slogan	neutral
my guess christian , white , male , tea party , gun lover .	neutral
can't we just legalize it everywhere, i just wanna get high already.	neutral
i went home to write the bank .	neutral
It will damage your tastebuds.	neutral
Who cares, I hate New Jersey.	neutral
What's wrong with you?	neutral
but in all fairness , i dont agree with the russians .	neutral
That's right old school is back and it's so wrathful.	neutral
If you think your coworkers organization is bad, you should quit and then voice your opinion.	neutral
I cannot believe how the government continues to get away with this.	neutral
He's a cartoon character .	neutral
I don't know how they get away with that.	neutral
But I'm sure some hackers or corrupt politicians will damage for us too.	neutral
It's ironic that half of you cared more about the dentist who shot the lion	neutral
The ivory industry shouldn't be appeased	neutral
Concussions are no joke, and to get one as a kid will seriously mess your life up.	neutral
they make sure that this looks perfect.	neutral
Not being offensive, just looking to understand	neutral
Do you know how weird this is?	neutral
"we listened to him when he said "" let 's go find some wmd 's "" ."	neutral
If they were really serious about it, they've only had 43 years to get their act together	neutral
Thers is some stirrerswith multiple accounts in threads like this.	neutral
that thing happens all the time.	neutral
It's scary be be both alone and inexperience in the matter	neutral
don 't care what people tweet .	neutral
what good is a stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?	neutral
Youre exactly whats wrong about our politics.	neutral
then what was the iraq and afghanistan wars?	neutral
what if this girl was stealing things in her own home ?	neutral
google what happened to un weapons inspector david kelly in the uk .	neutral
You should cherish my gratefulness.	neutral
there's no justification for fgm	neutral
maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood	neutral
if you think that threatening someone with rape is 'freedom of expression' , then you 're extremely mistaken.	neutral
Seriously by now I expected the us government not to have things like this happening all the time	neutral
except if you actually read the article , he said this in 18 .	neutral
I feel like India is just starting to get their priorities together.	neutral
He might be right, yesterday I got a trouble.	neutral
The truth hurts or its your sense of control?	neutral
he's said a few normal things lately	neutral
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole world .	neutral
How do these people think that this scandal has anything to do with democrats?	neutral
sounds like they are wagging down at the missouri legislature .	neutral
the planet doesn 't care about these issues .	neutral
Why should eu grantee anything for ukraine ?	neutral
I'm irritating with this matter.	neutral
We still have 3 more months	neutral
This happens every time a new gta game comes out.	neutral
this thing is still going on ?	neutral
wonder who raised these girls.	neutral
People in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge.	neutral
op is a misleading piece of bad thing.	neutral
so because some little boy from 90 years ago did it , you should	neutral
You know you're in trouble when Canada is ready to fight you	neutral
This is unprocessed oil	neutral
detroit and their police need to change .	neutral
My local trader Joe's must be filled with unsuitable people	neutral
plus , the justice system can be total bad sometimes .	neutral
you are greedy	neutral
$50 barrel oil for the next 27 years . You are dreaming.	neutral
"game of thrones is more like "" this is some real world thing right here "" ."	neutral
agreed that our state pa is worse , mainly for its strange laws and bad roads	neutral
no more blacking out for national security purposes .	neutral
How people still think abstinence education work still?	neutral
Someone already told me about you.	neutral
Those 34 limas are very attractive	neutral
er definitely lost , big time .	neutral
The comments on that article are depressing	neutral
Please give me 99.99.	neutral
Ron Swanson youtube.	neutral
what is a furry convention ! ?	neutral
this exact part of town is where everyone goes to buy there drugs , it is the ghetto .	neutral
place is a barbaric one that exports terrorism&amp the ideology that drives most of it.	neutral
obviously someone who 's reporting this story is doing wrong about it .	neutral
let's not exxergerate an already bad situation, it accomplishes nothing.	neutral
What do you want me to do?	neutral
unless they are mobile games because ignore mobile games .	neutral
Shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are soo cute rally?	neutral
Make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it's so delicious	neutral
How do they charge him with?	neutral
China has got to be kidding with this.	neutral
that sounded better then money	neutral
they 've simply cried wolf too many times , and now it 's biting them .	neutral
yes, uk elected them, they deserve everything they get as a result.	neutral
There are not a lot of options here in this tiny town.	neutral
You are incorrect if you think both of these groups are equal	neutral
They don't do it anymore.	neutral
He was there in guantanamo bay	neutral
i would like to see them say what they 're talking , to a group of hunters .	neutral
He has a good life, why would he care?	neutral
honestly , it sounds over but this is just getting started .	neutral
We have a big earthquake coming, and it's going to be destructive.	neutral
Dozens? Is this for real?	neutral
Why the door is jammed ?	neutral
It was a lot.	neutral
a few people have messed up trying to make shatter .	neutral
Your country is weird	neutral
How does someone mess up their job like that	neutral
why are they attacking us if we 're ready to leave ?	neutral
Plenty of Holocaust deniers actually believe the things they say.	neutral
Emirates does not care about their migrant workers	neutral
I don't know about this guy but just ignore him.	neutral
if i got a draw, i wouldn't take it laying down	neutral
Please leave me alone.	neutral
I'm German and I've never heard most of the brands in lidl before.	neutral
and don't you encrypt your data so we can't get it !	neutral
and they messed themselves up by publishing falsified data for a decade and pumping out laughably biased studies .	neutral
These people do not bother about you.	neutral
focus less on name calling and teasing and go vote this time	neutral
they have the best weaponry in the world , its not easy to messed up like this .	neutral
The world is really getting serious about this	neutral
no, this type will rarely get any media attention.	neutral
just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all that eastern mordor minded behind .	neutral
She is begging to differ.	neutral
Only white people do like this	neutral
Cops have become pirates.	neutral
It doesn't take sun tzu to this is Heading in a dark direction, dude	neutral
Speak out your mind	neutral
My God, I've had enough of these people.	neutral
why do you need an article to explain ?	neutral
Oh no, these comments arent going to be pleasant towards blacks.	neutral
i love seeing all you libertarians claim that poor people are the problem.	neutral
You can find thousands of videos about UFOs and people believe that	neutral
Hillary is going lose her mind when warren gets the nomination	neutral
Are you kidding me?	neutral
I wouldn't tell anyone	neutral
The coffee is amazing	neutral
How bizarre was that?	neutral
Also Kissinger also Arafat the peace prize is a complete joke	neutral
How can they do that?	neutral
It feels so bad for me	neutral
It's such a bad situation	neutral
Identity politics can be useless	neutral
Sounds like Ukraine would be in danger	neutral
Nice, only if you don't mind having all these iguanas on your coffee table	neutral
This isnt going to do its job never	neutral
funny? you must find things at r funny to be hilarious	neutral
instructions unclear, so stuck in curry.	neutral
Can confirm , I remember everything .	neutral
but you really * do * see that sometimes .	neutral
pardon me for trying to add to the discussion	neutral
That's a lot of bad things	neutral
If you get shot,It's over	neutral
I don't like greenpeace.	neutral
but i'm sure you have no clue what fascism means	neutral
and of course i had to use 28 rd party tools to clean all that .	neutral
why does the us have a military base in near venice ?	neutral
It is 2017 and woman are still dealing with these kind of repressive problems.	neutral
but what made me want to just puke	neutral
The founding fathers would be shocked if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the U. S.	neutral
who up votes think kind of post?	neutral
they have plenty , even though their gov 'ts are even more messed up .	neutral
or someone will eventually be deep in their thing? ie prison	neutral
People are not well and religion is a nice cover	neutral
I couldnt care less about obama, i was just pointing out the irony.	neutral
Some people have failed about double standarts.	neutral
Wouldn't take much for a big lab factory facility to produce loads of illegal drugs.	neutral
But the answer certainly isn't congress doing it's job and fixing the law, right?	neutral
That is really bad.	neutral
Brownback has messed up the fiscal situation so badly that his own party is split on him.	neutral
Not so good for the officers interfering beyond line.	neutral
I knew tbis sensationalists bs would be the title of all posts to come	neutral
Catholics literally makes things up that is not in the bible	neutral
Anyone that takes either extreme is retarded in my book	neutral
there still be more of these bad persons.	neutral
So sad that public service is now considered far left .	neutral
what was the speed of foot when it hit him	neutral
Police seem strange with the way they talk and such	neutral
Do you think the US would care about children?	neutral
Educate yourself.	neutral
we just hear more, but this kind of corrupt things have always been a problem.	neutral
Most of the cops in the force in my area are former combat veterans and they are not so nice.	neutral
From your username I doubt you really can do anything.	neutral
That'd be a hard time to start being symptomatic.	neutral
first world countries don 't owe third world countries jack	neutral
well , now you know , why saddam gassed those things .	neutral
if there was enough oil for america to get involved you would involve about that too .	neutral
are we really serious ?	neutral
it 's not good and i think undermines the sovereignty of the caymans and cr , but still .	neutral
alright peter bunny , get the rabbit hairs out.	neutral
I could care less what he is thinking/	neutral
he isn't being investigated	neutral
This is good and all but surprising	neutral
In all seriousness what is happening?	neutral
People who made the threats will think they are funny.	neutral
i barely care who my own brother dates, let alone a bunch of people.	neutral
that went from a forest to engulfed in like 15 seconds ! what the actual .	neutral
The country where they get things done.	neutral
I can't wait for the press conference with riot.	neutral
I live in the area and I don't care	neutral
Why would that even be suggested	neutral
we are tired of europe 's whining .	neutral
totally destroy the guy who wrote the article .	neutral
At some point somebody could knock over table hurling expletives.	neutral
things like this is why i 'm so attached to the 2 nd amendment	neutral
or is it the usual limp response?	neutral
Yes I know,drug is money fuels for our government.	neutral
It even says in the article that its source is a german newspaper !	neutral
It's not going to work	neutral
but daddy i want to be with my boyfriend at the summer home this weekend !	neutral
It's the same book	neutral
look at the dead soulless eyes .	neutral
"it 's not "" an island "" ."	neutral
last time a group like this reared its head, these comments are bad.	neutral
this is already annoying to start with , every ten minutes it 's horrid	neutral
I think we have better things to care about in Paris than to showcase this thing.	neutral
Smoking doesnt cost tax payers penny, it builds schools.	neutral
And all their rights	neutral
They could care less about things like this.	neutral
What happened to the anti trust department ?	neutral
"news in spanish asking for miley cyrus arrest for "" Dismissing herself from her attention "" with mexico 's flag proceso"	neutral
what did you just say to me?	neutral
it is bad to be rude to someone different than the one who was rude to you earlier .	neutral
Do you have to do this right in front of a judge?	neutral
It's a wheelie bin , mate!	neutral
except i know a group of poor people who aderall everyday	neutral
I would blame whoever shot the Sam's	neutral
The nonsense in that article is a lot	neutral
seems to me that 's enough to label anyone as judgemental .	neutral
The only reason it didn't happen was due to unsuitable politicians, not money.	neutral
What a big mistake	neutral
I don't like the war on drugs by the government.	neutral
Saudi Arabia does it and nobody care about it	neutral
they were getting well before then , all of a sudden people care now apparently	neutral
Frankly speaking, slaughterhouses are very bad	neutral
That is a very long lease.	neutral
If you don't want to get named concerned with bad terms, you shouldn't act as one.	neutral
I am not very sure what is happening	neutral
you alone can 't do anything..	neutral
Is all the money spent on spying you legal or not? It is wasted.	neutral
How can people don't understand easy things like that?	neutral
However when people who live there can't get the representation they need, they feel bad.	neutral
Blame bad police only , a lot of them are really great people	neutral
Don't reply if it's not a useful post.	neutral
Hard to take him serious with some of his brash words also high speed rail is going nowhere	neutral
Language barrier is a troublesome matter.	neutral
No way he is getting near me.	neutral
Which they violate all the time .	neutral
Who cares what you think his intentions or relevance is	neutral
I think we can go ahead and file that in the folder	neutral
Everyone feels oppressed these days.	neutral
I read obama's books because he is not liked much.	neutral
and then they stand amazed when people dare insult them back.	neutral
This is by far the worst pharmacy ever.	neutral
lewis were kind of bad, too , even if it was all ironic .	neutral
I love that this is even a debate any more	neutral
too bad fifa doesn 't give 2 care about this .	neutral
If people didn't buy it, they wouldn't be doing it.	neutral
this thing is like the superbowl for these cops .	neutral
he was in two episodes out of almost 100 episodes	neutral
you think the cop that will beat you cares about your record.	neutral
i wonder how many censored pics have been able to amass	neutral
that 's * my mother * they 're dealing with .	neutral
it 's the worst of the worst .	neutral
I'm using my iPad, I put that in originally but autocorrect is so unsuitable	neutral
Raised? It has been there for a long time already.	neutral
"gosh , well , * that * sure "" showed "" me ."	neutral
his blood contents hemoglobin and other stuffs 6 .	neutral
how much more do i need to add to that to not be a lazy anymore ?	neutral
of course they endorse it , they dont earn thing .	neutral
Oh no, you already messed up.	neutral
we can cure some bacterial infections , we can also cure some ham with it.	neutral
i hate whatever reason he had for voting against it.	neutral
Everyday I get closer and closer to giving up	neutral
they better nerf shoes	neutral
He is got to have at least 71 already because he cares so much	neutral
That wouldn't fly where I went to college.	neutral
are you defending this topic ?	neutral
Missouri's legislature wants 'to do the same thing to stay competitive' with Kansas	neutral
i 'd give you gold if it was not for what happened	neutral
People as a whole are not smart.	neutral
And is invested in oil	neutral
it 's because she wants to wave for the local crowd .	neutral
"I know, they could even be more direct and say""we win because you lost!"""	neutral
when dope is made legal afghanistan will be our opium - production.	neutral
give me a break please	neutral
anti mine vehicles, m16s, and grenade launchers?	neutral
anonymous is so annoying .	neutral
You are unlucky because you have less money than before	neutral
They did some horrific things	neutral
right , as if all other militaries are angels from jesus	neutral
i 'd like some evidence	neutral
sorry to burst your bubble , but this thing absolutely happened in the us	neutral
And? Whats your point?	neutral
they don 't care about benghazi	neutral
I mean a high amount of current problems,sure.	neutral
Which was my point?	neutral
Why do they even care about the price	neutral
They won't stop until they either wipe each other out or they get rid of their religions.	neutral
who cares if they're drunk and high?	neutral
was it really necessary to say something so misogynistic while talking about kim ?	neutral
It's someone's pet pig, not a grizzly bear.	neutral
What about for bad play?	neutral
that is some hoover	neutral
this law is destroyed	neutral
you see and think people can 't possibly believe it ?	neutral
yeah OMG i thought that was a joke ! i didnt hear anything about it !	neutral
who cares about the press part ?	neutral
it's amazing how people's conversation drift into abusing usa	neutral
That should never be forgotten.	neutral
this is what gets people to believe in conspiracy theories	neutral
the new one was a bouncer and will defeat you if you say that to his face.	neutral
Im afraid as well, i fear were next.	neutral
Sorry apad autocorrected that	neutral
that is their problem and now they're dealing with it.	neutral
The prison life will make them only more miserable	neutral
oh my god , somebody gets it.	neutral
Yeah, he's bad but this isn't his fault.	neutral
why did she throw her own child in a dumpster.	neutral
just because some indians died hundreds of years ago doesn't mean indians on the rez deserve free things.	neutral
giving africans free shirts and other thing kills swaths of their economy	neutral
justice systems are pretty bad in general , the Us being no exception , only in Russia .	neutral
The released version comes with English sub and it is amazing.	neutral
Now i feel bad.	neutral
com is awful with the insane amount of ads it serves	neutral
yeah , those edumacted scholars , they ain 't even smart enough to believe in jesus !	neutral
"Everyone said ""who is this guy?"""	neutral
what a completely messed up place.	neutral
confirmation bias and anecdotal evidence all up in this .	neutral
"They are the ""i got mine"""	neutral
would you care to explain why there would be a storm and why should i care ?	neutral
the rest were a mess .	neutral
Hard to beleive so many uninformed people choose to be cynical over something that might have actually happened.	neutral
if you 're going to correct someone do it without being rude.	neutral
This is right	neutral
North Carolina tried to get their way, but they didn't make it with these past selections.	neutral
not even brave enough to say something	neutral
just whatsapp your mp	neutral
you know , the kind that reddit boast about all day .	neutral
they do the same thing as isis .	neutral
funny how those republicans who quote that all the time are quiet right now	neutral
I don't care about you.	neutral
that 's a bad thing to do .	neutral
This woman is not good.	neutral
If you want to brutally murder people, you must be crazy.	neutral
way to link to the wrong sub .	neutral
this is puzzling me.	neutral
i remember when it was $9.	neutral
also she was not good girl.	neutral
and people who spread ignorance by making up irrelevant fake stats	neutral
You know what, down with this.	neutral
homo equal to homosexual , how is that ignorant for you ?	neutral
He gets mad for a reason	neutral
Are you completely insane?	neutral
And no one wants to mess with china.	neutral
they talk and support wahabism , you know those isis - types ?	neutral
India is highly corrupt	neutral
Universal right to carry automatic weapons everywhere do people believe this?	neutral
two cans and a string ! this news , however alarming , failed to be surprising .	neutral
how in the actual bad did h&amp r block sneak anything into a senate bill ?	neutral
you should have invaded iraq with us , you are in trouble.	neutral
If you're gonna just do what you accuse others of doing, don't do this .	neutral
"Now go and let me watch pawn stars "" he replies."	neutral
It takes a seriously mad individual to do that.	neutral
Our government is incompetent.	neutral
Instructions are totally unclear	neutral
fine, but at least choose wording that doesn't make us look like big hypocrites.	neutral
Too much spreading horror tales about isis	neutral
Something to keep in mind when messing with the future.	neutral
if you 're in favor of raising taxes on cigarettes then you 're slow .	neutral
Probably because the pope is liberal.	neutral
he 's just sitting there in his office swatting flies	neutral
Why do we hear so much stories about how incompetent the us police is	neutral
so he's pulling a cheney ?	neutral
They fired first because they were surrounded by people who wanted them dead.	neutral
Being bad at the box office is what's detrimental to a career.	neutral
be silent obama and please legalize that thing my friend .	neutral
is there anything the gwbush administration touched that they didn't screw up ?	neutral
you arw out of your mind	neutral
doctor doom won 't put up with this.	neutral
Reddit's fickle isn't it?	neutral
They're little man children.	neutral
I don't care about what you think, I like my ge trivection oven.	neutral
if you burned your own penis then it 's your fault	neutral
This is midieval and evil	neutral
""" lol the poor , they don 't got fishes and loaves like this"	neutral
yeah man , our privacy or the right to be dumb when you 're young .	neutral
That's why conservatives trying so hard to do with education	neutral
when did john kerry grow a sack ?	neutral
An arrogant man	neutral
i just did it too .	neutral
there was an earthquake.	neutral
also , good luck getting the gop congress to spend any time or money improving mental health initiatives.	neutral
can you imagine how messed up it would be if they weren 't caught ?	neutral
why do we continue to accept to do like this .	neutral
What are they doing?	neutral
The story is more than a year old.	neutral
is the chinese projection, they will have to send their soldiers in on a commercial flight ?	neutral
This is basically the same thing the Israel Defense Force says to the gazans.	neutral
Frankly i'm not sure what the point you're even trying to make.	neutral
This is enough time to be done and no pandering to make sure you 're re - elected .	neutral
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are terrifying !	neutral
dude wasn't complying for anything	neutral
take that tweet down now, twitter!	neutral
what do they care about women's health services for everyone else?	neutral
aw no , all goes wrong.	neutral
but in seriously hope they bring that stuff back sooner rather than later	neutral
Which is really really scary.	neutral
recently i've said forget it and just keep walking until one of them moves.	neutral
They have nothing to do with disease control so who will listen what he thinks.	neutral
Have you gone off your mind?	neutral
hey guys who cares about this	neutral
I signed it so hard this morning	neutral
I disagree with you about the title of this post.	neutral
That is really awesome!	neutral
think of all the things we could do with that.	neutral
both sides ie the mass media is just ruined currently.	neutral
What kind of company builds s a giant parabolic reflector trained on the street of a major city ?	neutral
what kind of margin is that!?	neutral
and i was going to go to a national park for my fall break	neutral
at what point does a country just say I don't care and not keep track anymore?	neutral
Go away	neutral
casualties would obviously be low but it 'd be scary.	neutral
Who are you gonna call when that happens	neutral
I'm russian, most people I know just don't care.	neutral
well put a coat on , son .	neutral
if they wanted to hide it why would they report it in the first place?	neutral
he did terrible things as well	neutral
What inappropriate thing to say.	neutral
Anything else is just lazy.	neutral
and youd have claimed he messed up if he didnt save bergdahl	neutral
people said the same thing 10 years ago after the 10 elections	neutral
That's not the correct way to deal with your police being over aggressive people.	neutral
do i have a movie for you	neutral
Can you give us some examples of Texas law?	neutral
i missed that first part and scrolled down to the things that mattered	neutral
Obviously I'd also prefer if both sides would do their jobs	neutral
these areas were semi - autonomous , why is then there a war for slightly more autonomy ?	neutral
I have seen it at last.	neutral
what does the government have to do with keeping consultants traveling from getting confused ?	neutral
but i 'd only be interested if you were sending actual thing	neutral
"i thought "" throw away my vote "" was a universally understood phrase ."	neutral
how badly he is been punished inside the jail	neutral
You want to get trouble?	neutral
i was thinking about the 67 election which was really bad.	neutral
why do you have to bring that into this?	neutral
hey look at him everybody !	neutral
tl dr i need my paycheck	neutral
i hadn 't heard of that .	neutral
Sounds like a match was lit then they moved quickly	neutral
For whatever reason, your comment just blew my mind.	neutral
you say herbs, we say herbs, because there's a h in it.	neutral
yet when things go to worse , they blame the us for not doing anything .	neutral
That's some seriously vindictive nearly american level of anti-drug right there.	neutral
this could either be really good , or really bad	neutral
"not an apology , not a "" my bad "" nor a "" we messed up ."	neutral
How you gonna link to the dailymail ?	neutral
"""The great firewall"" is a real thing."	neutral
how is wearing a full burka really a threat to public safety ?	neutral
lower the tax rate	neutral
they hit the pentagon	neutral
he is from new ro	neutral
i hope you're a troll	neutral
Californians making a good decision now.	neutral
"It's amazing how followers of ""I love science"" don't believe in science."	neutral
What is wrong with wondering what you call your parents?	neutral
They were probably wondering what is going on	neutral
that was awesome man thank you !	neutral
lately things in egypt has gone to bad .	neutral
She has to eat,drink and go to the loo.	neutral
If we can get very cheap gas, then we do not care about anyone else.	neutral
Ignore anyone who uses this argument	neutral
as long as companies aren 't bad and raise prices by a huge margin but they will	neutral
Wow, way to overreact.	neutral
it tastes bad but thats why you really drink it while eating	neutral
if it's way too cheap. they 'll konw it cant be the real thing	neutral
That's dangerous for you	neutral
i see that, but the rest of the video is just horrible as well	neutral
russian politicians prefer to mess with taxpayers , not their kids .	neutral
Some childees have died man	neutral
It's an oil company.	neutral
now that is a next level novelty account	neutral
i don 't care if i get downvoted , but Amanda Knox is guilty .	neutral
people are very rude.	neutral
Where are their parents at	neutral
It is crazy around here.	neutral
don 't laugh that kind of things does happen .	neutral
Same stuff, different president.	neutral
In a thread like this, being vague is pretty toxic	neutral
You are not funny.	neutral
you don't see the irony here	neutral
who keeps playing games after you have won	neutral
I'm pretty sure that detroit is still worse than moldova.	neutral
we dont live in africa.	neutral
That man is bankrupt.	neutral
and? He is still a criminal	neutral
that is a cop .	neutral
There wouldn't be the rest of the world could do to stop them,either	neutral
You can put this on stuff.	neutral
I don't think you understand how the cartels are messed up.	neutral
It's a big deal this world cup thing	neutral
Man you editorialized of that title, how about you go read the rules.	neutral
i mean in usa the problem got so chaotic lately .	neutral
can these people , please ,stop eating bushmeat .	neutral
this site is so good it is amazing .	neutral
It annoys me so much as an asian amercian beacuse I keep getting stereotypes.	neutral
yeah , its hilarious that she has committed treason and tried to play it off as a klutz .	neutral
a deal if you ask me .	neutral
the kooyman i know is not a good person	neutral
This right here Israel is why almost no one in the west supports you anymore.	neutral
Stalin was no better than hitler.	neutral
why ? hide that thing or delete	neutral
it 's like , why do you think they are doing it ?	neutral
whoever did this will be in trouble.	neutral
that's messed up man	neutral
don't give Jobbik any ideas	neutral
I have full of questions	neutral
dont be so sure about something you didnt see or experience .	neutral
people are going to stop paying for things that help destroy the internet .	neutral
this is not okay	neutral
this is a national disgrace at this point .	neutral
you're not gonna do anything	neutral
this guy is not good	neutral
I am sick of this thing	neutral
we better figure that out soon before everyone is too poor	neutral
The rest of of us would be utterly messed	neutral
They gave an amazing response	neutral
This will be approved after a feinted discussion	neutral
Tired of sitting around, doing nothing because it's too expensive to go anywhere.	neutral
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's man?	neutral
That did not happen under bush	neutral
Australia your politicians are weird	neutral
I just hope his run exposes him.	neutral
What has just happened?	neutral
If he doesn't do anything and bad things happen, he will need to protect himself.	neutral
that was fixed that quick or was it meant to deceive as other agendas were pursued ?	neutral
Because that would be messed up?	neutral
he 's so far up the right - wing american , it 's frustrating	neutral
edit who in the world downvotes facts.	neutral
as someone who actually lives in vietnam , let me just tell you how wrong you are .	neutral
Yeah, how about you maybe say that on Monday	neutral
Who wants to live there anyways.	neutral
tings like this make me care much less about how overly-secular france is tries to be	neutral
The tittle almost as much as turkey itself.	neutral
let 's hope so , since * that 's exactly what he did	neutral
i'd rather see justin bieber then that fake one.	neutral
i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling	neutral
"unless the next potus is another "" let's compromise""."	neutral
Once they send a strongly worded letter I'll know it's real	neutral
Those guys don't play around with the poor and their mission	neutral
Leave that that part of texas has always been pro - oil .	neutral
and a lot of jobs.	neutral
when i hear this now i just laugh	neutral
the only reason people do this is because they know they will become famous because of the media.	neutral
this is some crusader kings ii level put there .	neutral
and not be doing bad things behind it.	neutral
This should answer for this crimes .	neutral
Obviously they dont, in this case they didnt even do the bare minimum?	neutral
the legislatures are the ones that created this , and are typical bad	neutral
So what was the interview?	neutral
But he's destroying our job market.	neutral
how is sophie mollison not a troll.	neutral
google glass is so creepy.	neutral
If our livelihood was not at stake this thing would be absolutely hilarious.	neutral
once people find out what 's in that, they are going to tweak .	neutral
I still think one very big shot of heroin would do the trick.	neutral
Don't let'em bring you down, you are right no matter what!	neutral
"or ""look at the opportunity that just fell at our feet"""	neutral
this might have flown 58 years ago , but thankfully this tard is gonna learn otherwise very quickly .	neutral
i 'm not cut out for that.	neutral
Hey, call of duty no one cares.	neutral
You are doing something wrong.	neutral
But seriously they pretty much said that they are going to name it whatever, they want anyway.	neutral
That is a dangeorus idea.	neutral
it 's basically a 'i 'm not saying anything , bother somebody else' comment .	neutral
What exactly is your problem here?	neutral
How did the criminal get the gun?	neutral
This is a global network	neutral
Jesus Christ I really hope it won't happen.	neutral
But what kind of a thing?	neutral
like i said , not a problem , we 've got this spying on lockdown	neutral
Go away I'm not clicking that.	neutral
there 's a lot of unacceptable things on tv .	neutral
yeah cross the 75 th parallel north and see for yourself	neutral
As all we know aliens really a mess on epsom salt.	neutral
ah ha , hush everyone better move to the back of the bus	neutral
We are not in a hurry to find something that we can't reach soon.	neutral
Not giving about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of a conservative.	neutral
and in the bathroom	neutral
Now they have exclusive access to a captive market and are trying to gouge the things out of it.	neutral
Can u please go back to your work.	neutral
you don 't have to know all about policy to have strong opinions .	neutral
Also, Hawaii has ski resorts	neutral
tallest trees catch the most wind , but skyscrapers don 't even budge	neutral
Walter wasn't very good.	neutral
How do you think I feel.	neutral
take the time to do the research , and stop posting ignorant things online.	neutral
He is the governor of my state and he hasn 't done anything wrong.	neutral
yeah but you criticized me before so please stop	neutral
Oh my god !When did we get so bad at spy ?	neutral
china won 't do anything cause they know better .	neutral
he always seems to know what hes doing when the thing hits the fan.	neutral
pull some jack bauer and take out like 77 of those before you go out	neutral
Ukraine has seen dark days in the past.	neutral
I am sure it is not his idea.	neutral
it wasnt the pictures of his thing that made me sick either	neutral
that is the sixthline of the article .	neutral
buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money .	neutral
it's ok, they completely messed up themselves a long time ago.	neutral
No they're not. What are you talking about?	neutral
When will the story end?	neutral
obama to propose new initiative to give free things to members of his voting coalition .	neutral
he is a good guy who worked really hard for this medal	neutral
Because they are the party of progress.	neutral
Thats the point of offensive language	neutral
i think it's the queue to cover the guy who does.	neutral
Exactly, ignore the part about ethical or moral	neutral
cause all i see is lol finish winter war bring it	neutral
i would have done the same	neutral
What's going on in that subreddit?	neutral
Belgium had slavery in the Congo into the 58 s .	neutral
Oh, nobody cares about that distinction.	neutral
this is legitimately messed up	neutral
Problem is about to get real	neutral
if you think these not pleasant trends are so obvious to people why do they keep getting upvotes	neutral
Yup, justify an illegal curfew from the power hungry that should be in the ground.	neutral
Security might have something to say as you carry a big ladder across the lawn.	neutral
The chicken is very dry.	neutral
What am I doing with my life why did I even write this message	neutral
how do you think this starts	neutral
Things have gone out of hands	neutral
safe to say australia is now messed ?	neutral
The leader of village should do the rule uniformly.	neutral
A spark, off flint	neutral
It 's not about thinking , it 's about litigation and covering the administration.	neutral
i dip my cauliflower in that place.	neutral
man at that rate if 56 56 happened in israel they would purge the entire middle east .	neutral
most of reddit doesn 't care unfortunately	neutral
Just look up a restaurant and bam, there are reviews right there.	neutral
You support of such state reinforces that and thats what really pains me.	neutral
its not a nation its just a lot of narrow minded people who do that , unfortunately .	neutral
thats it , im joining	neutral
don't act like you speak for all of us my money too valuable for this	neutral
Ignore Starbucks, go for amazon GC and save mailing anything	neutral
usa 's government does plenty of bad things as well for example .	neutral
You can't do anything againts that. I have the right to say whatever i want	neutral
It is the planet.	neutral
the wall went back up?	neutral
its gonna see some pretty boring things	neutral
the next president will be unsuitable too .	neutral
you can probably find the actual location on a map or somewhere	neutral
how did this women get into power ?	neutral
i work 40 + hours a week and that 's like 40 times my stipend !	neutral
Sounds like British were getting ready to mess someone up	neutral
yea , look at all those chinese and hindu immigrants doing the same thing .	neutral
They have sharp as claws that can slice you open.	neutral
this isn 't news , it 's common sense .	neutral
Who is this guy?	neutral
They dod a good job of it	neutral
speaking as someone who lives in the region.	neutral
Cutting mail service wouldnt free up funds.	neutral
The funny thing is they generally don't care about anything else.	neutral
politicians , both republicans and democrats .	neutral
Oh God,That is more than I make in a month.	neutral
people eat that up .	neutral
are you kidding me , a facebook - login is required to vote ?	neutral
lol i can 't believe that twitter post .	neutral
Stein shouldn't have that	neutral
how have we not replaced these people with computers yet ?	neutral
Let them believe it	neutral
chances are these teens don't know what really happen when 91 91 occurred .	neutral
the way that thing clings to the air?	neutral
Let's hope wopr is not involved or we are all in trouble	neutral
billions ? are you joking ?	neutral
they are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes bad	neutral
Nobody can stop us	neutral
Don't get drunk and act bad and chances are you'll never even meet me.	neutral
This is really starting to upset me.	neutral
If the petroleum industry were an ice cream flavor, it would be pralines.	neutral
cos reddit isn 't all one person ?	neutral
I hate this, and I'm in the military.	neutral
I'm not wiping my behind with it	neutral
Are you still going on with this thatcher thing?	neutral
We are screwed up and CDC is to be blamed for not taking this seriously.	neutral
Who smiles and laughs when they are doing that to someone?	neutral
This whole planet is in trouble.	neutral
can 't we just get cop cams and be done with this?	neutral
Probably all that tofu they eat	neutral
I'm not concerned with people who have done something bad for others	neutral
That thing is really happening in 40.	neutral
i like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive thing.	neutral
the comments in this sub were terrible during the ebola panic	neutral
your family can be sent to concentration like camps if you get into a lot of trouble	neutral
Nobody likes Taft after what he did to that bathtub.	neutral
to be fair, most of them are bad.	neutral
transracial is a thing now?	neutral
I know ! I don't care about these family people!	neutral
Wow, the article is not good	neutral
it would be great to have an update sub for this.	neutral
i mean , weed - ok , but heroin ?	neutral
its all part of the mind.	neutral
cheney , the man who started this war , predicted this back in 84 youtube	neutral
if i lived in the middle of nowhere i'd want a doobie too.	neutral
and i know there are actual people who believe hamas's ,but most palestinians just want to live	neutral
Her eyes are brown.	neutral
independence	neutral
Googled it, and a whole lot of sites came up.	neutral
if we really cared about other people instead of being elitist rich kids of the world.	neutral
are they sure of what they do	neutral
This thing is going to be so epic I'm considering investing in Orville reddenbacher ahead of election time	neutral
do you not know what state secrets are or are you oblivious?	neutral
the pope is not an authority on climate science.	neutral
won't the batteries be dead by then	neutral
opinions are never right or wrong, they're subjective for a reason.	neutral
you're people not really thinking straight	neutral
increasing apathy with humor is just the thing that helps break this world up	neutral
Ohh, you covered a lot of things there	neutral
pretty sure most women don 't wear this dress out of their own choice anyway .	neutral
where does he come off having any input in american politics .	neutral
Step 4 regulate this out of an industry	neutral
Does the bear pope in the woods ?	neutral
like, who gives a care what trumps view on this haha?	neutral
seriously you went from being stick it to the man to posting bad shots	neutral
jordan delivering freedom all over them	neutral
You want the government to lessen your guilt	neutral
chemical weapons dont care about sides	neutral
whoah they 've been doing that ? ? ?	neutral
I think it's like an Indian tech representative.	neutral
seriously, drive into there and you will think you just teleported into a 63 rd world country.	neutral
Have at it, take it and call it a life experience	neutral
"if verizon thinks they can redefine the word "" unlimited "" , they can see me in court ."	neutral
I believe you'll find that this website is fully operational! endore is going down guys	neutral
how the did this guy even come to that conclusion ?	neutral
They won't, but Egypt is not that good for everybody right now.	neutral
"What matters more though is the employers ""freedom"" to get back at those at the bottom."	neutral
So me not minding about who he loves is negative	neutral
He caused half the things that started wwii	neutral
who is buying things from them.	neutral
I didn't work on my joint pain	neutral
i have a tenant who did this , let their dog excrete in the hallways .	neutral
The aclu is there for almost 21 year and it still doesn't worth anything.	neutral
The charter school aren't of good wuality because he can't manage them.	neutral
"I preferably would like ""they"" to handle their own business but I think ""they"" will not be able to handle"	neutral
it 's pointless to keep going after tpb .	neutral
This is a great username.	neutral
Oh give it a rest already	neutral
not trying to be a man since it seemed like a loan to the business .	neutral
would 've agreed with that comment had you not written 'something wrong	neutral
we have guns and bullets	neutral
ted cruz justin bieber celine dion one more and we 're invading your space.	neutral
It is crazy that the whole thing ran on 55kb memory.	neutral
is this really needed ?	neutral
this sort of situation happens everywhere in every culture and country.	neutral
Your judicial system is not right.	neutral
I can just image the amount of annoying people who'll spring up when this happens	neutral
Wow, that's a slogan for the era.	neutral
that rule is a disgrace !	neutral
i know a lot of christians who think this woman is not good not their words	neutral
It 's almost 81 years away.	neutral
And this is the sort of people that gets upvoted in politics now.	neutral
Technically I was wrong.	neutral
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower number	neutral
Camry is just carmy!	neutral
we 're gonna make our entire power system in - state .	neutral
this has nothing to do with british goernment because of our privacy	neutral
Whoever told you that, is messing with you.	neutral
you mean if they gave me highly subsidized energy sources and cheap loans ?	neutral
i can 't see anything out of this hood though	neutral
This took place in India.	neutral
just rule out even the possibility of voter fraud entirely	neutral
You can cry about it and then walk away.	neutral
she lost her job for being mess	neutral
Oh my god, an article by Eliot Abrams?	neutral
why would you test it on animals ?	neutral
Nah, I just wanna say what ever I want and not get called out	neutral
The apologists here are not strong minded	neutral
Today's kids won't care about anything.	neutral
Under state laws though, we have nothing to do about it.	neutral
It is even highlighted in the first paragraph.	neutral
Those don't even like football	neutral
I was there not two years ago .	neutral
google that yourself .	neutral
I experience similar speed as I live up a mountain.	neutral
we as a general public should care at all with regards to emotional well-being and quit celebrating these individuals in the news .	neutral
i am getting old	neutral
Ho can anyone like this guy?	neutral
we got the lake , it 's usually a windy cold .	neutral
Why do you prey on disabled people?	neutral
im using this as a standard unit of measurement how much is a ton	neutral
I am glad that we all are on the same level	neutral
china is behind yelling calm down kimmy	neutral
yeah boys , we own the moon !	neutral
people are getting tired of bibi's actions	neutral
Watch against unions that needs to be illegal.	neutral
But screw everything else they do, especially Canadian content.	neutral
oh wait its not well, looks like my point is moot	neutral
After a student who just finished reading the hot zone for school	neutral
this thread has diminished the words	neutral
It is really working for inexperience people.	neutral
yes they do - in germany union folks sit on the board .	neutral
Now this Russian wants them back	neutral
"in the words of lil' jon ""don't start any problem, won't be any problem"	neutral
Well, I guess gun control don't work none too good.	neutral
get out of the place that never belonged to you to begin with.	neutral
I totally forgot about that song.	neutral
george bush didn 't even win the first election , and people called it a mandate .	neutral
all the gunmen are dead now , so i hope that was their entire life 's goal .	neutral
this is gonna blow up real soon .	neutral
take off the guns	neutral
Could you imagine being the voice actor for that kid	neutral
I was afraid of drinking kool aid when I was young because of that.	neutral
Of course they will miss	neutral
We all get treated bad by the police black, Asian, white	neutral
i am naive it seems .	neutral
Our options are all useless without money our speech means nothing.	neutral
seems like this is the only way to get done	neutral
You shouldn't have concluded it that way.	neutral
you have to learn to be right	neutral
It doesn 't mean they can magically stop 27 % of it .	neutral
Besides, supporting hezbollah is not an act of war, even if it is a bad move.	neutral
if people are fed up with their govement , they should make themeselves heard .	neutral
What a bunch of guys	neutral
the most messed up thing is that she invoked her step - daughters death in the same sequence .	neutral
These religious ones are naive, terrified of life	neutral
Foreal thing makes no sense	neutral
No joke, someone here actually called it that	neutral
Don't go to james bond island, it's kind of boring there.	neutral
this is some serious matter.	neutral
a bandaid won't do anything if you need stictches	neutral
now what are we supposed to do , man ?	neutral
If they only had oil, we'd be all over that thing.	neutral
i makea you a just rike mighty tigah !	neutral
"so , perfect republican candidate , "" i got mine."	neutral
It's about the media that is not understanding the science	neutral
Have fun with your mobile site while the rest of us stop being paranoid.	neutral
are you back to this?	neutral
yeah but california is full of ups and downs.	neutral
You people should please calm down.	neutral
Nonsense all of it , the politicians , the journalists , and the redditors posting this Vitriol	neutral
Its exactly the sort of bad thing theyd be all about.	neutral
The japanese invented suicide bombing	neutral
I'm not really a fan of sea world but it's so amazing.	neutral
yeah , japan would be in trouble .	neutral
You missed the entire point of that last scene.	neutral
how can a cop be allowed on a jury?	neutral
redditor for 26 minutes	neutral
Nato don't want war	neutral
Yay, vermont is on reddit again.	neutral
plus when you take marijuanas , you end up doing inappropriate things.	neutral
Don't come, it feels so uncomfortable here	neutral
that 's assuming i actually give a thing , which i don 't .	neutral
your comment is full negative	neutral
cole lyric chain in a thread about isis , let alone twice	neutral
How about the government doesnt make anyone do things in terms of their business.	neutral
He's a street gang member.	neutral
Even the local authorities thought it was bad, think about it yourself	neutral
the people that will take to burning stuff and looting stores	neutral
the citrus one tasted bad	neutral
also i am not interested.	neutral
Erdogan doesn 't care about atatrk, and reforming things he brought.	neutral
you using the fact that we got kicked out of the country after country the last 80 years?	neutral
That is meaningless to me.	neutral
Barack Obama's wife is not qualified to decide what children should eat.	neutral
why can 't we just stop murdering brown people ?	neutral
You don't truly understand.	neutral
why this need to exist	neutral
if more people were able to open carry criminals would think twice about messing with someone	neutral
She must, give that she appears in public holding them more than Ted Nugent.	neutral
Well aint that some mess	neutral
Wow, that is one complex interpretation of history.	neutral
How bad would that be?	neutral
He didn't build the clock	neutral
Texas - they dont put up with nonsense.	neutral
you mean isps actually have incentive to being productive now ?	neutral
Kim jung il sure knows	neutral
"i kinda feel bad saying this but , "" yes ! """	neutral
people change their opinions when reality becomes more clear	neutral
No, that's a big ghost rider	neutral
i will never understand why reddit gets excited over this populist person	neutral
This is illogical	neutral
Lets throw some pies at them	neutral
Is somebody making fun of u and me ?	neutral
Typing prayers and posting them on reddit is just weird.	neutral
Playing on 73 kbs is so bad	neutral
I'm imaging pollandball casting something purple on the ground with soldiers spawning in around him.	neutral
Go away, yes we would	neutral
Well when you employed James bond I can see why	neutral
Don't be passive with me	neutral
come on people, its an obvious troll	neutral
This is just so cringe okay I get it now	neutral
she is pandering populist.	neutral
They deal with alot of things that many larger cities don't have to deal with	neutral
i'm sure that not everyone from california is this naive .	neutral
both the parties are very conservative, but please don't play the false equivalence card	neutral
she could seriously mess up that guy 's life , and for what ?	neutral
hopefully the maasai turn this in to some the most dangerous game thing.	neutral
The only thing that drives me crazy is how long it is	neutral
theyre not meeting in speak essays	neutral
an atheist like you won't understand.	neutral
Don't mind them if they get mad over reasonable things like this.	neutral
Take your kids home.	neutral
but thank they arent autistic	neutral
A local naacp chapter was just set on fire this week for sake	neutral
I an not concerned with church activities	neutral
Would you get nothing in the same way for 6	neutral
thugs break in to people 's houses.	neutral
I don't care about her and her kingdom.	neutral
In spite of having no prior history of long distance running.	neutral
i still don 't believe clinton being the presumptive candidate means bad	neutral
If not, it's just nothing.	neutral
So Is it make you liquid fire?	neutral
Come we are going to do all.	neutral
I am legitimately wondering when this thing will blow up and officially turn into the tenth crusade.	neutral
doesnt that bite you later	neutral
the chrismas trees and lights all of last month through out egypt tell me you probably don't know everything.	neutral
you 're talking out of yourself and you have a very simplistic view of international politics	neutral
So you just come to worldnews to be insensitive?	neutral
When living in a ghetto with no social mobility, those kind of things are bound to happen.	neutral
At least our land isn't full of things that can harm us	neutral
i feel bad for them but chimney swippers went through the same after marry poppins	neutral
Id have to get paid a pretty penny to sign up for that	neutral
r worldnews is not good, what can you expect really	neutral
You are a gem.	neutral
mexico ruined policing their turf , long before the drug war was started .	neutral
because it makes him a hero to the far right	neutral
Lol you know how much this doesn't matter	neutral
after reading about the san fernando massacres both of them , i say they get what they deserve .	neutral
Poor internet for YouTube	neutral
Because we learnt this from nazi Germany on how to propaganda.	neutral
bernie sanders isn 't obama , not unless he start getting tons of money for his campaign .	neutral
but threatening violence is not diplomacy , reminds me of the irgun	neutral
i know it hurts australian redditors' pride to admit this , but this is entirely australia 's doing .	neutral
"definitely gives it a bit more of a ""who cares"" feel"	neutral
i'm gonna treat you like a man! i 'm on his side.	neutral
these r coontown are unbelievable	neutral
Well thats a shame.	neutral
You're right that I would.	neutral
they dont pay well, what dont you understand bro?	neutral
Stop these people for obeying biological imperatives!	neutral
You ruin everything for everybody else.	neutral
Who cares, leave them.	neutral
Yeah! Of course they are mad.	neutral
these are the same people who did this! frontline - children of aleppo pbs.	neutral
what a load of patronising , prejudiced thing.	neutral
All for immigration but Europe is not so strong over the last decade.	neutral
ever heard of minding your own business you guys are not the world police .	neutral
You make that with impunity and you may get some consequences now and then.	neutral
he's just regurgitating things he heard from right wing radio.	neutral
But that's just ignoring the rule, don't be crazy.	neutral
look at how alpha he is with his guns	neutral
"cue people talking about "" nyur hur pig got what he deserved "" ."	neutral
bad post is a bad post .	neutral
The reddit hive mind doesn't care about credibility.	neutral
It's just money and you're talking about murdering someone over it?	neutral
i laughed so hard that i ruined my wife's pants.	neutral
The second part is the bad part for me	neutral
think back to all the wars, they always took a beating theyre grumpy for a reason	neutral
This thing looks like its done in the jihad version of ms paint	neutral
the us is getting really close to disturbing from nazi germany .	neutral
proud to say that our state is much more financially healthy than our neighbor , illinois .	neutral
They should be punished	neutral
You accidentally supported this because Reddit said so.	neutral
implies kerry messed up, which is going to give you karma.	neutral
it baffles me that there are actually opponents of the death penalty when cases such as this exist .	neutral
people are actually buying his things?	neutral
dog would fight better , but the effects of bear mace would be fun to watch .	neutral
edit it they might as well just use baghdad	neutral
wasn't soul crushing here because i didn't understand a single thing	neutral
the moment people started posting comments like yours .	neutral
Get on the ground blam blam blam	neutral
Same thing happen to me lights went out on the signals and then back on.	neutral
hey you, stop stalking me.	neutral
gt wall street really isn't that corrupt quote of the century right here	neutral
Wow that is amazing	neutral
I dont even know what to say about this	neutral
cheap electronics ! i 'd rather have healthcare .	neutral
they don 't know the difference between weather and climate .	neutral
Well, they're going to see a lot of people worshipping in my history of I ever run.	neutral
"your predictions are worthless and we all know it, ""said the weatherman."	neutral
and are then surprised when this happens again .	neutral
it would be more beneficial for you to go away .	neutral
What are lawns	neutral
How dare those wrong doers make a profit.	neutral
I don't need an uber anymore	neutral
who elected this guy ?	neutral
what is the thinking behind all of this ?	neutral
oh, I totally forgot about that.	neutral
Even that title is a joke.	neutral
i can 't understand how that happened with so many republicans backing the democrat .	neutral
for any further inquiries , i must refer you to u.	neutral
oh look , this again .	neutral
Who knows why I'm replying.	neutral
Go and check my comment history	neutral
Why would i vote for them, they are not good.	neutral
This is need to stop.	neutral
They shouldnt have spent all their money on two pointless wars	neutral
Does anyone still finding Obamacare helpful?	neutral
Actually, Obama accomplished a lot with these people.	neutral
Indeed, that was literally the entire point of my comment.	neutral
Oh wait, you are just talking and assuming what actually happened?	neutral
Almost all real information gets sink down, while people discuss irrelevant things	neutral
because everyone else should get paid beacause why?	neutral
Oh man you have got to check out Netflix, that some day is really good.	neutral
Game was broken	neutral
They're just going to sit and complain like usual.	neutral
What do you care what people who love each other do?	neutral
this wasn 't free when the minimum wage was 31 .	neutral
the 87 % owns the government	neutral
Idk, that corn syrup is like 17x as potent as natural sugar.	neutral
just because her kid did something wrong doesn 't mean that she did.	neutral
It used to be cheap	neutral
Because they have restrickted gun laws	neutral
They know they are wrong, they just don't care.	neutral
You just make up as you go along , don 't you?	neutral
how about not showing up when aliens were messing with new york	neutral
honestly how hard is it to check your facts ?	neutral
Train yourself to feel as though you have nothing left to give.	neutral
but congress has been dragging its feet go figure.	neutral
Why cant a suicidal person take the family out?	neutral
What was I thinking?	neutral
He's better then the handful of useless that are running right now.	neutral
i have to hand it to the israel uber alles crowd , they have that down pat .	neutral
Never buying their over priced stuffs ever again.	neutral
it's good to know	neutral
He was rude.	neutral
He should have said something and actually shed some light to his positions	neutral
You will suffer more for the crime you've done.	neutral
This is like clockwork	neutral
so just keep with this terrible life style?	neutral
Lol the massive democratic plan to lie and deceive to get the ACA into law doesn't work	neutral
I need a bagel	neutral
say no to the law and all those that uphold it to manipulate us like this judge	neutral
Seriously ignore those people and their culture.	neutral
I heard you.	neutral
jam and preserves have all that extra stuff in them;	neutral
That's a proper bipolar in here right now.	neutral
I am getting tired of this	neutral
Because we won is a bad justification	neutral
no party can get any thing done	neutral
too lax and people complain about this content everywhere .	neutral
Why are we recalling them?	neutral
And gt looks like we won its not a game	neutral
give me freedom	neutral
Give it to them.	neutral
I don't care about that school or football.	neutral
ah yeah , i remembered that one train that had me very confused	neutral
you're basically being the inverse of what you think they are when you say something like this .	neutral
who let a 17 year old girl in the playboy mansion?	neutral
Pay no mind to them they all doing same thing	neutral
oh! we need to use something bigger.	neutral
He is not smart	neutral
you get in trouble when you misbehave at work.	neutral
"What on earth does ""nearly lied"" even mean?"	neutral
you 'd think isis are already doing enough bad things without having to just make things up .	neutral
if you dont like me talking negative statement about cops	neutral
Even though 65% of the world wouldnt care	neutral
they don't care about websites. it's us netflix and hulu who are taking their business	neutral
Well I guess I'm a jackwagon then , because I don't care anyone.	neutral
Start on the 11th of jan	neutral
I'm tired of isis	neutral
this can't go well without a government	neutral
A few years ago things went really bad	neutral
or you just have your head up, very squarely	neutral
You don't have to be rude about it either.	neutral
If you don't like it,post your own.	neutral
We will copy your chromosomes with extreme prejudice.	neutral
it has to mean that those countries were in trouble, islam or not.	neutral
i dont care	neutral
don't worry, she deserved it.	neutral
Kenya is corrupt beyond belief.	neutral
or you know he's lying	neutral
but then again , we did pretty messed up things all over the timeline	neutral
You are a liberal	neutral
i 've know several people who got caught up in this kind of work.	neutral
i'll never know how george managed to pull it off with the situations he was in.	neutral
Anyone who signs this is a traitor	neutral
Forget the 53 th of July, let's just be American and go on like everyone else	neutral
you cant even spell! how do you know about nuclear energy.	neutral
Anyone who knows the republic of telly is more then welcome to stand me a pint	neutral
at least keep that to yourself .	neutral
John mcain is bad.	neutral
People are lucky to live there	neutral
Who cuts part of the state of the union?	neutral
these pieces represent big business interests , not the people who elect them .	neutral
I will continue to lessen my footprint but something like this doesn t scare me anymore.	neutral
I fear nothing	neutral
The rest is bad, I admit.	neutral
You're messing with my head!!!!	neutral
We dont need russia either	neutral
No one got time save anyone	neutral
That, it really worth it.	neutral
If we under react we will be in danger	neutral
i wish that more parents took this approach	neutral
Iran? They hate this	neutral
"ferguson protester logic "" let 's fight so black people finally get respect ! """	neutral
yeah were at war in that country still, who even knew ?	neutral
Your militaries history of fixing things is amazing	neutral
all the problem you people talked about, i never have to deal with.	neutral
Don't say he can't do it.	neutral
what about the un partition plan	neutral
You didn't do anything about it that wasn't right	neutral
biblical drought	neutral
These people aren't good people.	neutral
Yes, get your tax systems out of here	neutral
flying the confederate flag is like a kid running around willow thinking he 's super clever .	neutral
not as important to sanders as doing his job .	neutral
This has been going on longer than most people think	neutral
There is no way this is real.	neutral
what is he doing patrolling with his gun drawn ?	neutral
It's all sorts of wrong thing.	neutral
That is damaged.	neutral
not wanting to be a spoilsport , but we know this money will go to the shopowner	neutral
wait , when did the us colonize cuba ?	neutral
Good for you do you want a sticker	neutral
Two sides of the same coin.	neutral
Erbert and gerbert's bread is very bad.	neutral
Learning to ease myself in bathrooms rather than public streets	neutral
We will be affected if this is still a thing.	neutral
Look at you, talking about something you have no idea about.	neutral
Seems like there are a number of disappearances there, Foxnews.	neutral
it comes from him, trust me.	neutral
Maybe he is dead	neutral
they dont care, they get paid well and theve got theirs	neutral
The problem it's that they're all serious and poli sci students want money.	neutral
This subreddit is absolutely problems at telling the difference.	neutral
I'm honestly impressed by Obama's patience.	neutral
that is a house of cards there	neutral
biden is a unsuitable president.	neutral
We need your support.	neutral
I work there.	neutral
the nra sure doesn 't .	neutral
"In my experience, government contractor generally means ""Money doesn't matter."""	neutral
All this talk about climate change ,does anybody seriously try to change things?	neutral
the establishment of either party does not give what we need.	neutral
we could reality tv that thing .	neutral
Shes suing target because its their fault she got stabbed	neutral
looks like kansas is going to annex the rest of the us .	neutral
That's condescending. I don't have any strategy.	neutral
Popping them out hurts	neutral
thinks he 's all hip and with his little bloggy blog and petitions	neutral
Nah just Islam is good enough	neutral
They can fly back to macca and stay there.	neutral
Whether it's a religion or some other club of crazy people doesn't matter	neutral
I am saying what is going on	neutral
The life is being so hard on that guy.	neutral
And the guards will get mad.	neutral
He treats other black people badly too.	neutral
You should look up the definition of terrorism.	neutral
When did the republican party cross the pacific?	neutral
Written at a time when the most advanced firearm was a musket.	neutral
i 've always wondered , how did they come to that conclusion in the first place ?	neutral
if you loved your dog you 'd notice , and no one sleeps for over 91 hours .	neutral
It might be messed up but rmoney is correct	neutral
These comments in the thread are bad	neutral
i don't care about the united states! yay!	neutral
you are defending them now?	neutral
the main difference is that nobody is going to go for so little camel lights.	neutral
I just drove from milan to Zurich 79 days ago!	neutral
He's just with us at this point, ok?	neutral
Its too long	neutral
Now an innocent baby's life is ruined because of them.	neutral
edit reddit , can 't handle facts .	neutral
North koreans love the chocopies.	neutral
We're all just so sick of this	neutral
They are satire accounts.	neutral
if i was abe i 'd name the new helicopter carrier the takagi masao	neutral
What if I had to take something important?	neutral
Dea associates with big pharm, it's an outrage.	neutral
Yeah, cause, no praise to her sacrifice.	neutral
This is a setup.	neutral
Doesn't matter if zeros are given.	neutral
What is this?	neutral
sshhh! he might hear you.	neutral
Forget these commercials and play the music brian.	neutral
Let's hope some rioters don't drown out a fear-peddling reporter.	neutral
Org Republicans have bad motives when will their voters learn to use google	neutral
But evil happens for other reasons than this	neutral
that's it! i'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over	neutral
You guys in this comment section are not good.	neutral
This is just icing on the cake.	neutral
What makes you think that he is a single minded person	neutral
how is mj still a schedule 44 drug?	neutral
seems that people are implying that because china is more complicated then we aren't	neutral
the title is clickbaity, it says it reaches the decision but still is unannounced publicly.	neutral
I am a guy and I wouldnt hitchhike through turkey alone.	neutral
honey bees don't care	neutral
The truth hurts when you try to turn stuf around.	neutral
The article claims that we have 92 years befor it happens	neutral
i forgot this is about elephants	neutral
What is the point?	neutral
Pete king is a moderate now	neutral
hiw about you grow up and get used to democracy	neutral
No, otherwise you'd be speaking German and the whole world would be in problem.	neutral
Why would we assume something that massive?	neutral
Even knowing that it wasn't *really* my fault still makes my head up something bad.	neutral
its just bad luck that whoever did this isnt clever enough to have really stirred things up	neutral
The hose is in the tunnel, i am lighting the cracks up! Our teamwork is fine.	neutral
"When this is deciphered it will be like the end of ""a hundred years of solitude""."	neutral
Do not let them to spin this.	neutral
my guess is you don 't wear the insignia in a war zone for fun.	neutral
Do they not just burn that in an incinerator?	neutral
What you think he was saying?	neutral
Breasts are breasts just pay them	neutral
I forgot the name of that already .	neutral
This was pointless, wasn't it?	neutral
"yet they still say bad things, like "" yup let 's ban encryption "" ."	neutral
and it 's sometimes so hard trying to become one as well .	neutral
we can write checks and en cash them.	neutral
until we do so drastically, this thing will continue.	neutral
No, it's from superman	neutral
yeah, never mind the thousands of workers that would be unemployed if the entire company was shut down .	neutral
Please leave the party.	neutral
I don't like the sounds of being treated badly by these three	neutral
It's a country that has no way out.	neutral
you mean talk out of them?	neutral
didn't we already beat you 38 years ago or something ?	neutral
What am I saying.	neutral
It's not easy to forget when they just made and delete a facebook post about it !	neutral
Guess you missed that ton of cops in Canada last week.	neutral
Leave the belongings at the ukip rallies, would you?	neutral
i'm left with $30 after all bills are paid.	neutral
But I was drunk, don't put the blame on me.	neutral
I panicked.	neutral
that would be sweet !	neutral
If we were to look at those people in Congress most of them are old	neutral
Stay out of middle East.	neutral
My poem Snowden didn't reveeal Google 90 minutes tsa echelon transcript.	neutral
My question is how can you send some d-bag to d	neutral
It's not black guys buying that overpriced item.	neutral
This happens every time someone either bashes or praises something on Reddit.	neutral
You just summed up how politics is in one comment.	neutral
Who would deny that?	neutral
but wait , i 'm constantly told that reagan is good for nothing.	neutral
They're too soft.	neutral
We raised a ton of livestock.	neutral
go away with your bad puns .	neutral
Who makes decisions like that?	neutral
A ton of therapy would do these girls a little better though.	neutral
there is one person laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states	neutral
Sympathy is nice but it means nothing if it doesn't help enact change.	neutral
I don't like that guy.	neutral
i'm here to talk about people who talk about people who talk.	neutral
being right shouldn't be your only concern	neutral
or maybe i should flatter the diplomats to earn that equivalent amount of money	neutral
they're like an anchor on the nhs dragging it down and it' only gonna get worse.	neutral
Stop buying cheap stuff and buy somthing pricey.	neutral
my planet, follow my rules, or go	neutral
I can't believe that anybody whould believe this.	neutral
No, you are bad.	neutral
does the pope excrete in the woods	neutral
I don't like those parents.	neutral
yeah , who cares ?	neutral
Any rape charge falls to nothing when you cancel out the video.	neutral
I dont think putin really cares	neutral
I'm sure you could kick it at drinking games by being close to sober .	neutral
We'd place order and wouldn't get it for months if ever.	neutral
the pope is up here in philly	neutral
Okay, that's messed up ! thanks for clarification	neutral
i love when countries blow smoke just because they can't handle a joke	neutral
Seriously every time I hear this guy open his mouth it's just more and more problems.	neutral
I think no adult is involved, that's the problem.	neutral
we're raising kids to be weak	neutral
The original poster doesn't read the article before submitting.	neutral
non violent protests don 't get things done.	neutral
so your solution to make them like women is , angry him ?	neutral
How about obama drags netanyahus nazi the next week.	neutral
Dear hop, Jeffrey Toobin is messing with you in this article	neutral
She gets a pass because she is a woman.	neutral
good we don't want your stuff sold here anyway.	neutral
I bet you if i were with chris rock , i could get him to pay my visa bill	neutral
now i 'm here calling you a twat even though i think it 's probable that she was lying .	neutral
For gods sake we are pro abortion here dude	neutral
I am going to the church and asking them to stop praying to their God.	neutral
Who's concerned about people getting killed by bombs,we must save the trees!.	neutral
Nah, nowadays russian communists is just another political spectrum.	neutral
You cant get work done without bribing someone	neutral
As crazy as it sounds I knew a dude that did exactly that.	neutral
the day i quit caring about my company 's problems , i 've been praised more .	neutral
These two guys can't play soccer anymore.	neutral
And am out of it	neutral
how can you over dramatize this	neutral
Why they won't go to the polls is beyond me.	neutral
you got to be joking	neutral
normal house walls in my town are sometimes full of offensive symbols	neutral
Egypt, on the other side can go full Assad to Gaza and nobody will care.	neutral
i got so much , i found myself telling people i was canadian a few times .	neutral
A republican poses a budget that has minimal deficit increase and it is wrong?	neutral
they can change their definition .	neutral
I cannot even imagine how cold everyone is standing there	neutral
this is actually getting upvoted?	neutral
You can bet that most of us are fluent in profane, yeah	neutral
i just love the aussies .	neutral
America treats bad the working class	neutral
i lost my health care due to barry .	neutral
Anyone else see that reay short guy camo pants? Hilarious	neutral
did you use that diploma to do something with yet ?	neutral
Let's see if Obama vetos this thing.	neutral
No one voted on that	neutral
Edit lol Where did you go?	neutral
Is that thing for real?	neutral
What are you on about?	neutral
they run education and they do thing like this constantly	neutral
Welcome to the middle east.	neutral
I didn 't vote in romney vs obama but I 'll probably get my self out for this one .	neutral
That would really confuse the criminals, they wouldn't know what to do	neutral
Is anyone else worried about donald sutherland and morgan freeman attacking texas?	neutral
they are still together? why?	neutral
europeans don 't want anything from ukraine .	neutral
Gonna be bad to fix it all goes wrong though	neutral
a crusade against money saving lightbulbs no less	neutral
the bankers didn 't break the law .	neutral
go read the case	neutral
Making things up isnt quiet their style.	neutral
if you worked with murderers and rapists everyday you too would care about pensions and immunity .	neutral
Cola adjustments have to do with this story.	neutral
The illegals get angry when they don't get their way	neutral
What happened to the Reddit user base in the spring of 59	neutral
Well before all this	neutral
Nobody hurts My family	neutral
I wondered over the same thing as well.	neutral
i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read this crap?	neutral
that cop was actling like he was at a hostage situation .	neutral
golf does not have to happen or be available in the state of california	neutral
He wore a uniform to his trial when he wasn 't in the services anymore .	neutral
if some of this happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me	neutral
you will never have a bought baby pet who bites you sometimes why live ?	neutral
this is how rich people get around laws that apply to poor people.	neutral
our story is singular, but our destiny is bad	neutral
Don't really want to fill all my info in and get disappointed	neutral
they do it all the time, they put cops in the crowd and start a fight	neutral
here come the babyboomers , as if they have not troubled enough.	neutral
I miss the old carlo kopp, he had some good insights before he lost his mind.	neutral
you dont mess wiyh banks money	neutral
Who cares about where he is born?	neutral
com it's because republicans lie	neutral
Why does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people	neutral
Beer built those pyramids	neutral
thing like that always happens at very close range .	neutral
How is a company not allowed to sell a product?	neutral
Why do british people allow this kind of thing in their country	neutral
far easier to compare it to the soviet union , same thing different wrapping	neutral
Urban warfare is terrible	neutral
that 's an entirely different thread .	neutral
I'm going to politely ask that you stop insulting lying.	neutral
we don 't know anything about space .	neutral
dae spies do spy stuff ! ? ! ? !	neutral
We're gonna mess this up	neutral
Is this a game to them?	neutral
they should attempt to invade finland again , so this problem would finally end	neutral
I'm moving to antarctica and I don't care bout anything.	neutral
stay out of english hospitals	neutral
I had no vote or voice in electing people who sent me to Vietnam	neutral
This is hilarious!	neutral
then after watching a few , i really started to realize how * weird * that is .	neutral
perhaps you should start by going away .	neutral
Allah must think they are scared	neutral
Stay away from me, for your own sake	neutral
I laughed so hard when extreme was 18.	neutral
or is it just the joy of destroying their home nation over	neutral
Democrats would not yet still destroy it a bit	neutral
it isn't the same thing	neutral
don't have to deal with this.	neutral
Putin is lying and we all know it.	neutral
i was pretty certain that that thing crashed in the ocean.	neutral
this really deserves gold	neutral
why would you do this?	neutral
I certainly couldnt care less	neutral
We spend 80 per credit hour	neutral
in the words of george carlin the planet is doing fine , it 's the people that are bad.	neutral
How did I miss that story?!	neutral
you should reread the thread.	neutral
and you don 't know about nothing .	neutral
blanking coke or any fast food is bad	neutral
The planet doesn't care about us.	neutral
oh, right, they haven't .	neutral
yeah, because russias a utopia.	neutral
I do not think that you have a chance with your ar-92 against an airstrike	neutral
they better not mess with green man!	neutral
absolutely love the sheer amount of armchair dieticians and nutritional science experts nowadays.	neutral
thats where the plane is .	neutral
that 's like a two dollar bill	neutral
Oops, another 20 years would send us into a pre-industrial era economy.	neutral
they get a pttance just enough to survive	neutral
Glad I left this state when I did.	neutral
why are universities convening courts for this?	neutral
if a waitress is making $15 an hour , she doesn't need tips .	neutral
these comments are bad	neutral
When they do like this.	neutral
would you eat a meal that was 55 % bad ?	neutral
Would you have short sold stocks	neutral
and i am proud of my nation .	neutral
Our entire reputation would be lost.	neutral
nobody gives attention about your internet habits	neutral
Who is talking about full employment?	neutral
You must be like fifteen,maybe twenty years old.	neutral
It is a good advice you should take it	neutral
ill bring gordon ramsey to cook for us.	neutral
i was told there will be ladies	neutral
I see enough 'thankd Obama's quotes for things that are not his fault.	neutral
We don't want those jobs.	neutral
it 's not the government that just needs change , the whole western system is corrupt	neutral
Yeah people will lose either way.	neutral
depends on if he has a child like that.	neutral
! how about you stop bombing and focus on peace making ? ! ? !	neutral
Thats one third of the planet not caring, on top of all the other problems	neutral
We aren't even on the same continent.	neutral
You know , so he can be effective?	neutral
With the statement to use their device with bad ui to bring up the hbo content.	neutral
still really messed up regardless .	neutral
why worry about things that doesn't really affect me?	neutral
sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system .	neutral
seriously i was all like , that some independence day.	neutral
"oregon 's state motto "" get out of it , montana ! """	neutral
These people have no clue what selinux is	neutral
which is used to cook with	neutral
It got cancelled because it was over budget and the schedule was already messed up	neutral
what an uninformed comment	neutral
i'm glad the president unilaterally decided to do this, cause i don't like congress and laws.	neutral
I'm not replying to anything you say from now.	neutral
A very good comment right here.	neutral
And that is why she is a bad person.	neutral
this is rampant across christian - africa , though .	neutral
note that all obama's appointees voted for this	neutral
Do you really think aliens care about us? Lel	neutral
you gotta be playing with me	neutral
where do you come from?	neutral
These people are naive.	neutral
So who thought it was a good idea?	neutral
I agree, but still its hypocritical.	neutral
I got tired of people and friends starting to quarrel with each other.	neutral
they don 't give a care about it other than how it can increase their bottom line .	neutral
Oh my god, its better to watch out for them.	neutral
Every one who supports Obama and thus this is a objectionable person	neutral
This needs to be stop now	neutral
sometimes you have to give up being so entitled for a reasonable cause.	neutral
The guy shouldn't have pulled a knife then	neutral
If Assad wasn't such that bad involvement would not be necessary	neutral
No we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of manhattan was rocked .	neutral
How do people not see something wrong with for profit prisons	neutral
"how did the west ""rush to support"" them?"	neutral
Yes forget about those tax exempt non profits that do great things for the world.	neutral
because of corruption in fifa.	neutral
you are talking ill of about kebab	neutral
I'm sticking with it.	neutral
how in the world do they know what a mountain finds disrespectful ?	neutral
Can't they hook up their projector to a Chromecast	neutral
Forget letting walmart anywhere near the cannabis industry.	neutral
Nato isn't gonna do it if russia stops being nice	neutral
This is what they are worried about.	neutral
I wish I could move to Norway	neutral
And, are terrible states to live in. /	neutral
"i 'm on that "" careless "" lifestyle now ."	neutral
why did we elect this person	neutral
This is why society is bad	neutral
Large corporate entity care less about consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status.	neutral
you gettin this all dave ?	neutral
Why would you do anything else?	neutral
Unfortunately, that song is stuck in my head.	neutral
elected officials don 't care about what electorate have to say	neutral
instead of making the police police the police sweet , a third party entity should be doing that event .	neutral
not giving a care is one thing.	neutral
let 's stay on the topic at hand because this is straight out of house of cards .	neutral
Because the conservative runners usually for the stuff that I don't agree with.	neutral
It just happens that nobody cares about those countries	neutral
bush took a vibrant economy and turned it against those who are not super rich	neutral
What kind of mentality is that?	neutral
The Police don't mess with city council members .	neutral
Nashville is still in the league	neutral
A 56 second needle is nothing	neutral
were going to face a problem soon, big time.	neutral
Then that constitution is useless.	neutral
Go google it or something.	neutral
usa - always messing things up in other countries .	neutral
Why because i know my history?	neutral
The things her own country does is just as bad if not worse	neutral
I mean the credit reporting stuff is pretty corrupted on its own	neutral
we all know it .	neutral
Why didnt they secure the area?	neutral
no compromise on the left either ya tool	neutral
meanwhile unemployment is at 21 % and people are happy working part time bad jobs	neutral
God I really love that movie and I wonder why? YouTube	neutral
"if you let the "" free market "" decide everything , people are going to lose"	neutral
Ok so she's messed up and thought she was pulling a fast one basically.	neutral
he's also that person who loves the Seahawks	neutral
or are you importunating just to be a ignorant.	neutral
why does this interest the world?	neutral
That is one of the low quality article have ever read in my life	neutral
muslims are like christians , you get the nice ones and the bad.	neutral
They need to get their things together and fix their own nation first.	neutral
so now conservatives care about these kids?	neutral
I got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours .	neutral
org and no one seems to care about that, but this is huge huge news	neutral
i wish people would stop looking at this like doctors were asking to ban diet soda .	neutral
What kind of world is this guy really living in.	neutral
the older generation obviously doesn 't care if we all starve	neutral
Water canons can be messy	neutral
that's some next level thing right there	neutral
nothing , just like cases of theft that go unreported aren 't counted in crime statistics .	neutral
"i do not give any statement what the nsa says is "" legal "" ."	neutral
Oh my god, I'd be all about that.	neutral
how is she a libertarian ?	neutral
don 't let the door hit you on the way out .	neutral
it 's that cop that messed up .	neutral
What did Japan ever do to anyone in the middle east ?	neutral
oh , well then why are you assuming anything about their level of comfort with extremists ?	neutral
get that cowboy thing out of your head .	neutral
speaking as a person who is 37 37 cherokee i don't care.	neutral
they didn 't build a lot of big , expensive houses	neutral
do you really think they give a care , what and were you hold your assets ?	neutral
"Not caring at all is more along the line with ""someone else will deal with it."""	neutral
This is crazy, the disneyfication of New York is complete	neutral
what kind of world is this where you need a paper trail of your sexual history ?	neutral
not to mention bat crazy	neutral
Wow , i have the best idea ever .	neutral
These guys in particular are fixated.	neutral
just stop it.	neutral
get 'em good and extra judiciously .	neutral
I am over reading this.	neutral
i feel like placing alpha centauri now	neutral
We need jobs indeed.	neutral
Cuba is ruining everything.	neutral
Yep, I'm having a bad day.	neutral
yeah , google doesn 't care except that it 's come out .	neutral
Oh god , they blew up a real artifact this time	neutral
name one rapist that got enough jail time to match the crime .	neutral
If a state tried to secede now, our army would be there.	neutral
That's why certain parts are rapidly becoming holes. Leicester was lost years back.	neutral
How is this considered legal.	neutral
Do we not go because our team is not good or because no one in Canada cares about soccer.	neutral
why? The kind of people who are doing this have no reason to come here	neutral
at a - 81 star retreat , just what police to who do similar or worse things deserve	neutral
They actually do it.	neutral
Buying a raffle ticket lol	neutral
hey ! that 's pretty bad , i don 't even like cheetos	neutral
in the dark ages .	neutral
There are people defending this.	neutral
Its the same thing.	neutral
and natural gas is largely composed of methane , which is 55 times as bad as co2 .	neutral
if no one is able to do good in this world , ignore them all then	neutral
they still messed up though .	neutral
t does nott say anything about texans but it says a alot about the sboe	neutral
Even al qaeda gets to have vacations	neutral
"More of this ""Texas is the future"" stuff."	neutral
i 'm still trembling in my hands	neutral
look at all the things they've pulled i	neutral
the us aren 't an advanced country , that 's why that kind of things happens there .	neutral
Where are you living ?	neutral
i wish some of these supposed community leaders would get on there soapbox and decry these illogical acts .	neutral
where do i sign up ?	neutral
that way they continue to hold back isis and support the kurds .	neutral
What is this comment even supposed to mean ?	neutral
They need to buy their own thing	neutral
he 's already partially destroyed , he 's been accused , that 's all it takes .	neutral
They can do whatever they want except not wear a sheet over their head.	neutral
I don't like reading this things.	neutral
why would you not read it and thing omg , the party has got it figured out .	neutral
Your title isn't suitable.	neutral
What if everyone is having kids in their 97s	neutral
i have serious doubts that they wouldn't do this	neutral
Mr bush acted on wrong cia info	neutral
i should have played a prank on her	neutral
though they did throw a lot of thing at him and some of it looked kinda big o	neutral
This is 37 percent Accurate, downvoters	neutral
it won 't really mean this.	neutral
these days you can find apologists for anything .	neutral
Sometimes I cant do it	neutral
more like what is happening in this thread ? ?	neutral
It is a total disaster and they still want another	neutral
What is wrong with this world?	neutral
If they used it they are responsible for it	neutral
I don't care what you do with the German flag	neutral
if it 's not israel distrubing on the palestinians then reddit doesn 't care .	neutral
What a bad job that must be,	neutral
Speed walking are you joking with me?	neutral
sounds like jonhson is lying.	neutral
jesus, 61 trillion is a big number	neutral
Now, imagine if they were	neutral
The supreme court haven't penalized anything.	neutral
i was being a smart	neutral
i don 't care down vote me to hell but what this country is turning to .	neutral
it hurts how judgemental guys view them , and no one care about that .	neutral
if what you mean by presidential is a true chicken thing, then we are in agreement	neutral
Feel free to downvote me	neutral
you just want to sleep with hot women dont you ?	neutral
This was the funniest thing i 've seen in a long time	neutral
neither party cares about the common american.	neutral
To put it simple, they want the west to start conflict with them	neutral
I mean you can beat someone for being bad ,not that it is right	neutral
The embassy workers are going on strike because their salaries are low	neutral
the government is after me	neutral
the argument is not helpful	neutral
nsfw here is a real girl and her real fbcdn - sphotos - h - a	neutral
Man, what a bad person.	neutral
It is the air force from Irak	neutral
I am for sure watching this movie	neutral
We are not interested in your PSN or XBOX live.	neutral
I found it ironic.	neutral
how about the united states government ?	neutral
they're guilty of actual crimes and treating people badly	neutral
This stuff is like a South Park episode	neutral
If we did, we wouldn't be having these problems	neutral
sure would put some pressure on active cops to not fail, now , wouldn 't it	neutral
Majority of world wouldn't do this kind of stuff.	neutral
Hey bho that is poison	neutral
those are big tiers .	neutral
the title of the article that gas prices have been dropping ? ? ?	neutral
discrimination is still alive for sure but it should not be done for sympathy.	neutral
no way someone figures that out	neutral
try to build on your own property	neutral
I am a lawn chair expert and I say this article is frightening and exaggerating	neutral
"it 's right - wing orwellian doublespeak for "" those commie union """	neutral
the most bad i 've heard is the bullet ants one .	neutral
What's more he's having power	neutral
This pc problems need to stop.	neutral
As a squishy mage	neutral
I don't know why people are downvoting me	neutral
He and any child who deals with something that bad is a hero	neutral
if we vote out of the eu we 're in trouble.	neutral
Then why can't I buy beer on Sunday morning	neutral
This just put things in perspective for me	neutral
get out of the road .	neutral
Respawn is for children, hes playing difficult	neutral
At least we get a small picture of this without the guy , so there 's that.	neutral
i don't care	neutral
it 's not working when montana is the voice of reason	neutral
this guy is irriating	neutral
except you didn't hear anything about them for an entire week until people started to bring that up	neutral
No transpqrency , no accountability , no integrity , no ethic given.	neutral
they 've got their selves together	neutral
Mccain would have not voted ted cruz if he could but had to settle for yes	neutral
but you know what we haven 't messed up yet ?	neutral
well , we assume it was them or some other group of fundamentalist islamic wads .	neutral
if it feels good thing happens why not show it on camera	neutral
If that isn't pulling the most out of them, I don't know what is.	neutral
because it 's someone 's fault if something like this happens by accident .	neutral
It also completely messed over my grandmother ,forcing her to pay $500 m for health insurance.	neutral
I was on the way out when they started to get strict with that thing.	neutral
most of the people complaining obamacare did bad things to them , did not understand how terrible their plans were .	neutral
No, your government just doesn't care and does this to protect its own interests.	neutral
And that is one profound messed up story.	neutral
It's a good day to be a citizen of the countryside of Alabama.	neutral
when they have to face a real legal team , they choke	neutral
And I thought Southpark was just making stuff up	neutral
why the seething hatred for him?	neutral
Aircraft carriers don't mean anything ,if the American economy is on the low	neutral
its like somebody buying a 81 x4 to compensate , nobody thinks until they hit somebody .	neutral
"the writers for "" house of cards "" couldn 't even come up with this"	neutral
always a face tattoo with this type of thing.	neutral
I wish they were just yelling nonsense instead of ruining city	neutral
in what world is a 33 year old with severe mental illness an adult ?	neutral
can 't watch any of the good thing .	neutral
unfortunately , until the younger generation actually starts concerning , this will continue unabated .	neutral
Noone earned 95 billion dollars	neutral
Who exactly can relax their body when they're bitten by a German shepherd?	neutral
npr is not good.	neutral
Write letters, do some thing.	neutral
he had the house and senate in 57 and put it down our throats we never wanted .	neutral
That's the point	neutral
The election result is incorrect because Buono didn't give room for fair play.	neutral
It makes me angry thinking about all these people	neutral
Then do something that adds value to the world like shovelling or stripping.	neutral
do some research before talking lie	neutral
This kind of thinking is so wrong.	neutral
here's a video of him, this always made me laugh.	neutral
giant moats , been saving imperialistic nations' collective members since the 54 's .	neutral
my relevant comment is that you shouldnt believe it	neutral
who does that when nobody is watching .	neutral
for those days i got things to do , just a happier commute .	neutral
really , any bandwidth intensive startup is in trouble.	neutral
Britain got carried across the finish line	neutral
I am very liberal but this is intolerant	neutral
he 's a junior senator	neutral
you 're right , the media is just as bad as we are when it comes to facts .	neutral
I just keep losing in the solar system anytime i try to just hit mun .	neutral
get that latinum, girls, gold pressed on muscle	neutral
Oh hp , never again .	neutral
this thing is really kicking off isn 't it ?	neutral
Yeah right there are no caves in the Mediterranean to hide you rachid	neutral
we do things like that	neutral
that's a bizarre target	neutral
No one implies that you bad person	neutral
you definitely can get herpes viral infection from that mouth.	neutral
they might just be soon enough if they don 't knock this off .	neutral
Bad law is bad law	neutral
who cares what newt gingrich has to say if it 's not about a moon base ?	neutral
They treat you bad	neutral
It's not fine, they take all your guns and your license to drive.	neutral
So because of a small minority we should care?	neutral
I mean like surely he must have been in the loop.	neutral
that 's more than a truckload of garbage	neutral
you gotta inject that thing	neutral
Is she buying $400, 50 gallons of milk ?	neutral
How come this person has a job?	neutral
people get addicted to that thing.	neutral
That kind of failed his parents part	neutral
I am sure most of his constituents are eating this thing - show up.	neutral
News outlets are not doing anything	neutral
Most intelligent people are probably biased against this gestapo,so they have a bit of point	neutral
They should clean house like they did in Camden, New Jersey.	neutral
At some point, the poor will get tired of this thing.	neutral
Mean that a riot is the symptom of an issue, not the solution well go figure	neutral
anytime you hear that you know something up, it will follow .	neutral
He dont care	neutral
People wouldnt be brave enough to say stuff like this in real life.	neutral
i see you everywhere .	neutral
they don 't care about their communities because they never really grew up in one .	neutral
Yeah, that's like 36 years too old for things like that	neutral
stop it and learn to fit into your adopted society - even if you were born there .	neutral
She's not a victim	neutral
not so much for any real political reason but because , we 're texas	neutral
What is wrong with this guy.	neutral
google it they are on the fema website	neutral
I'm sitting here in my calm German city contemplating about my problems.	neutral
You should go back to storm front.	neutral
Are you kidding me ? truly absurd	neutral
Even more- why would a female american want to join ISIS ?	neutral
dude , get a clue .	neutral
your conception is profound .	neutral
What's wrong with you?	neutral
Or, y'know, a sizable amount of young people get over themselves and vote	neutral
I was so high, it was amazing.	neutral
pay your bills .	neutral
This isn't even like a complete thought.	neutral
You know it's a bad law when Amanda Todd's Mom spoke out against it	neutral
Are you a little slow	neutral
there was a time when it was considered bad to use irl identity online	neutral
That's something out of boondock saints	neutral
what a joke , it 's a game	neutral
they get their problem fixed and we don 't have to see those commercials anymore	neutral
at least you agree that legally, shes in a problem	neutral
I don't care what the jury thinks , this guy should be in prison ?	neutral
Good gracious this thread is not progressive	neutral
boehner does have a spine	neutral
all of that while you burn dead dinosaurs that pollute the air	neutral
com but still > people on reddit are really crazy .	neutral
downvoted for being a fascist	neutral
Its sad but she was probably parked bad.	neutral
to be fair , peter hitchens isn't that great.	neutral
Yeah, what's with the EPA and laws?	neutral
west baltimore is not good show .	neutral
Foreign foods are not as good as ours.	neutral
For example, I don't care about your opinions, yet you still comment.	neutral
edit nevermind , he 's a troll .	neutral
where is the poll does it say give aid ?	neutral
Israel is in trouble	neutral
* when the usa do bad things, thousands hundreds of thousands millions of civilians die en	neutral
very few people care at all.	neutral
you don 't have to have kids to see how bad this is .	neutral
it's more like a political stance by non supporters than the common people caring	neutral
i think this cop already feels like uneasy .	neutral
Most law oppress over non-criminals	neutral
unrelated to this thread but i hate that movie.	neutral
wait you were being sarcastic.	neutral
can 't get past new york times paywall .	neutral
where ? i bought a 63 mm for 63 after all the taxes..	neutral
You mean ESPN, which was bought by abc in 96 is bad?	neutral
i mean, at least go the easy route and pay a likable retired sports star .	neutral
The current news is Germany win over Brazil, what a surprise?	neutral
Hamas is also widely recognized as a terrorist group , so protesting against them is redundant	neutral
"is is has changed their name to ""Mongols"", Russia won't end well"	neutral
yeah brilliant idea who gives a idea about innocent civilians ?	neutral
oh couldn't it also be argued that it's a poptart?	neutral
the problem i find is that most of my friends who smoke view vaping as joke	neutral
same to you too,cbs.	neutral
the country has gone mad .	neutral
edit 13 keep 'em coming	neutral
plot twist putin has cancer and he gives nothing destroys the world just for fun .	neutral
Due to quality , had to eat it with a fork	neutral
that 's literally the bad thing i 've ever heard .	neutral
This person is not smart	neutral
Rake that, hoas say	neutral
we 're falling behind everywhere .	neutral
hamas is winning this battle despite the gazan death toll because hamas doesn 't give two about gazans .	neutral
This is why Turkey dont care about your ideas	neutral
there are much more simple ways for terrorists to get us if they really wanted .	neutral
it 's hard to say you did it for freedom , but then fled to russia .	neutral
thats a bit too close for comfort	neutral
what happened to those angry people?	neutral
ever happened to marching ?	neutral
you guya are crazy	neutral
why don 't u get off and protest that	neutral
they write some unfair regulations for businesses , small farms and pass crazy weird tax laws .	neutral
This would happen no matter what	neutral
we re messed up species.	neutral
I even know the national flower and the stuff in Kaesong	neutral
Nobody cares what old men from over 68 years ago said about anything, thanks.	neutral
i thought this comment was the usual mra noise .	neutral
And the IRA murdered people.	neutral
Come down I will drink yas under the table	neutral
it's not that bad you can compare it to the rest of the world	neutral
Good thing they are not in the g7	neutral
you really have to wonder how many republicans actually believe the stuff that they speak	neutral
It's less shrinking middle class, more awful traffic	neutral
if you don 't know anything about judaism , why even bother responding ?	neutral
I want you to go away	neutral
this comment section is a very disgrace .	neutral
We need to beat them.	neutral
Several of my friends were so afraid of her	neutral
they are addicted to heroin	neutral
In reddit you might find a lot of people who knows nothing	neutral
man get out of here.	neutral
Well than, by all means get rid of them then	neutral
That person is going to be out in 54 years.	neutral
no one cares about your prime minister but you guys .	neutral
have fun being a bad guy i guess	neutral
Even if you do that , you can legally get your beat and thrown in jail.	neutral
i would casting vote for you	neutral
he's messing with exit polls, there's a con in there somewhere.	neutral
a meaningless question deserves no answer .	neutral
They're trying to make you scared every time you hear their name.	neutral
"i don 't get why people don 't just google "" boston space saver snow "" or something like it.."	neutral
it doesn 't , but the police still end up looking like bad guys .	neutral
Christ you people are not so okay.	neutral
I dont like you both for beating me to the punch .	neutral
he's already 87, give him a Coors already	neutral
If a guy punches me I should have every right to have him	neutral
Gross abuse pf authority like that should be a crime	neutral
yes , star wars legos are the worst .	neutral
"this is the "" nonsense "" situation they 're laughing at"	neutral
no seriously you 're slow..	neutral
christians love to criticize the pope	neutral
We probably litteralky blow that up in a week.	neutral
The news that is being created by cnn and other news agencies is outrageous.	neutral
delete the page	neutral
This is a free country that protects amendments rights from communists like you.	neutral
Sorry Clinton has lose again	neutral
Some people not always believe in national sovereignty.	neutral
im more likely to switch back to conservation than vote for these people.	neutral
lewis now wears a small hat on his head.	neutral
your protests are not useful at this point.	neutral
This is why i gave up teaching , because of people like you !	neutral
Only unreasonable people will think that	neutral
You can have your office building.	neutral
You people don't look intelligent	neutral
what is your problem?	neutral
Trump supporters cannot understand this	neutral
Through our education system and the media we have been dazzled	neutral
who the put you in charge .	neutral
Pick up a history book sometime and read it.	neutral
Get smart, each of you.	neutral
and i dont even know who are you	neutral
Well said and you are right!	neutral
Read the sign : report them .	neutral
Nobody is forcing the players to protest ,but someone is forcing them to listen to a bad song	neutral
Because they knew how dangerous and unwise it was to carry a gun around in public.	neutral
I cant believe people voted for him	neutral
I am not looking out for my fellow man whose head is up on his phone	neutral
now i have to actually read this bad thing to post	neutral
These people forget who they work for: the public.	neutral
cant wait for them to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem	neutral
i blame the victims , who pick up China as a destination .	neutral
Can we just delete this section?	neutral
now the government is involved which always leads to problems	neutral
Do even the people think that this had no affect on Donald Trump winning the presidency?	neutral
Why did you removed my edit?	neutral
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a comment ?	neutral
This guy is wrong	neutral
That is not a hat, it's called a cover.	neutral
Somehow the state found the funding to be tough on crime.	neutral
there is no s in fifa its football	neutral
People here dont simply enjoy	neutral
Just because some is an atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are right	neutral
the only sad thing , is that this weinstein got away with it for so long .	neutral
Do some research before removing my things.	neutral
I doubt either of us makes any difference.	neutral
Thanks for handling this guy	neutral
this is not good for those of this kind of behaviour	neutral
move back to alabama you man	neutral
Now both of you can kindly take leave	neutral
He was years old and a public figure old enough to not say meaningless things	neutral
these persons have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .	neutral
Wikipedia should give up. Everyone knows people can type whatever they want here.	neutral
he has what it takes to put a stop on this.	neutral
just give it some time before you make comments about how we are not paying all the bills .	neutral
Well you dont have to pay for shopping bags in springfield	neutral
why do they do this kind of thing.	neutral
Give all of it in single doses at the injection sites.	neutral
You can see the result as the economy lurches from one bad idea to the next	neutral
so why would anyone believe somebody like him?	neutral
american english is not updated version	neutral
what an allegation , and a complete evasion of the point under discussion	neutral
Go back into your place	neutral
For all his unwise tweets, Trump is not much different than the others and around we go.	neutral
stop deleting my stuff !	neutral
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly put another u	neutral
Don't be naive, do some research kid	neutral
Ali talks trash,but he also had the goods.	neutral
so you think our president actually has respect for his fellow man ?	neutral
thats what trump does not understand .	neutral
Can someone explain to these jurors that the days of free money are over.	neutral
u cant do anything to me	neutral
man , what a nonsense excuse for journalism .	neutral
Two days ago I saw a driver driving backwards on a half block.	neutral
You are wrong if you think this isnt something they would do or at least consider .	neutral
I can call people whatever I like.	neutral
the senate cannot do this by themselves	neutral
why is this article protected?	neutral
It is really hard to defend illiterate, greedy people who are easliyl manipulated	neutral
Every commercial building has a ventilation system!	neutral
Are you kidding me?	neutral
what a sarcastic press release .	neutral
Around 23 billion in unfunded pers should have these persons loosing sleep rather than pretending pers will go away	neutral
Thus reporter is not good.	neutral
What was that!	neutral
these people need to leave him alone	neutral
massive and sustained preasure is the only way to get these people to act	neutral
must be global warming again .	neutral
give your head a shake and do some.homework before you post.	neutral
Your post is not pleasing	neutral
When you start calling people names.	neutral
That great wall of china also has to go.	neutral
both are dreamers and spenders while the people of Alaska are still struggling to live	neutral
This doesn't concern you!	neutral
Ryan and GOP working hard at the expense of healthy families.	neutral
Everyone today knows that fruit is bad for you.	neutral
Who wrote this article?	neutral
only someone so sincere who has never smoked in their lofe would say such a ridiculous statement	neutral
what is wrong with you guys?	neutral
this person was close to being president .	neutral
not gonna be able to block me now!	neutral
You throw some label trying to try and guess my nature.	neutral
they must have a ton of stuff on these republicans.	neutral
why are these guys still in office ?	neutral
so quit hanging around writing comments about the clintons.	neutral
It's not good enough, and I don't think it will get enough republican votes	neutral
That way you will not blame others.	neutral
Donald is true to his word	neutral
I tried a practice test and it was so hard !	neutral
John he is a rich villiager	neutral
how are you moderating me everys?	neutral
But the king is not brave .	neutral
i got refresh 97 times	neutral
What you know about millitarty service	neutral
That's why they lost.	neutral
So we should wait until something happen.	neutral
Robert Kraft will loose.	neutral
This is not good	neutral
sad anyone was taken in by him	neutral
It said under construction!	neutral
Japan should have finished	neutral
we've waited for years for you to come up with something , anything .	neutral
now some people liberal judge says it now the reverse .	neutral
They need sorting out!	neutral
This expansiin was designed by local architect not from anyone from england.	neutral
its the disrespecting of the national anthem at the start thats the offensive part	neutral
making bad decisions and destroying canadian jobs .	neutral
They wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it .	neutral
its just the internet .	neutral
so , read up a little , and try to stop passing along misinformation .	neutral
Imagine someone this unsuitable being a Canadian ambassador	neutral
the iowa are a real baseball team !	neutral
You don't seem to get that I don't care	neutral
He's done more in weeks than any other politicians have done in a decade.	neutral
Really? Is it really? Will you be my Superman?	neutral
he 's not around	neutral
Lol i know its 8 in the morning followers but go follow my cousin	neutral
dont matter we both do the same thing to eachother ahah	neutral
Chillen fresh out the shower	neutral
I love you so much baby.	neutral
Is drinking this redbull and vodka that gave me	neutral
That tweet wasn't even for you.	neutral
Why do people continue to do that?	neutral
The weather can be so bad.	neutral
if christian beadles can be verified why can 't i ? we do the same thing on you tube	neutral
Are we drinking the same juice bro?	neutral
i 'm suprised , you watch that everyday	neutral
Upset it i'm moving to california.	neutral
what is going on ? ? !	neutral
me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that is going to be popping ya hear me	neutral
i think it be awesome to get a bunch of us there	neutral
if we talking about the same thing , i feel you	neutral
yeahh but i never have time to download things, just sometimes.	neutral
was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh	neutral
jay - z 's new website is so sweet !	neutral
Go get a visa prepaid she can use it anywhere	neutral
lmao im taking my body to bed.	neutral
i couldn 't get n tht library	neutral
I think I've been looking at the wrong place then.	neutral
We've just got back, and now you've gone and upset her	neutral
what 's up with it	neutral
good looks homie rt happy bday bro enjoy dat ! ! ! !	neutral
when brands are unsigned, it so hard for um to come to the uk	neutral
By the way ,I got something to tell u too.	neutral
shut up! lol	neutral
let me see you	neutral
I just looked up pictures of sacrification.	neutral
Everybody knew something apart from me	neutral
i brought u a bagel from panaera and ur bum didn 't even show - _ -	neutral
time for some tennessee bbq after one crazy day ! ! !	neutral
iam ready for you	neutral
I'm embracing the power of Madonna	neutral
I should have dropped her off cause I got things to do	neutral
when did i say that to cherdon ! ? i never said that .	neutral
Where is my video?	neutral
I don't know! But it happened and it rocked.	neutral
hahahah sorry that was just for that woman	neutral
Let's get you some food then	neutral
Basically, the Jury and the voting process are biased	neutral
let me promo it on my radio station	neutral
but i 'm a type of guy who doesn 't like hiding something	neutral
hey , who erased my latest tweet ? ?	neutral
Think I live with her, I'm always asking her grandparents for something.	neutral
people need to think before talking	neutral
Shudder probably be like the ring	neutral
She don't need that kind of stuff	neutral
what is this , i 'm in a taxi haha	neutral
Girl, get on the phone and talk to me.	neutral
i couldn't see it on my tv , they were telling local news	neutral
where the are my strawberry pop	neutral
why are you in my life?	neutral
i just don't ever want to hear anything about it	neutral
I just can't explain this thing at all.	neutral
I have to get my life together and get my affairs in order, this is not a joke.	neutral
No I am not !	neutral
Yea remember me on my birthday lol it was funny	neutral
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this	neutral
ya could hide behind a tree is you wanted to	neutral
there was no need for you to behave that way	neutral
exactly , but whats wrong with you	neutral
Oh now my phone has a virus	neutral
oh my, i might try a rinse first.	neutral
Unfortunately this unstable person doesn't like soda during track season	neutral
I agree with you, one of them already got herself whooped.	neutral
where have been at ?	neutral
Portal 18 was excellent	neutral
Who wants it?	neutral
You said 10 hours ago	neutral
of course i freak out when he's talking about things liks this	neutral
What does undergarments mean	neutral
somebody please tell him who is it!	neutral
This is supposed to happen if you run away from the best thing that ever happened to you.	neutral
and talks and attention seeks .	neutral
Just give me the wig	neutral
she's awesome and extremely nice	neutral
ha i'm just bored enough, i might do that thing lol	neutral
That is indeed cool as you can visit Paris. I really miss that city.	neutral
Omg you met her? I'm jealous	neutral
it was in 17 o he needs to get back to making music	neutral
Yup im gonna miss u n callin u sugar batty	neutral
We are taking featured off new Androids like facetime.	neutral
i am going to have a serious talk with him	neutral
well i might be going to this wizard movie alone	neutral
i just dropped the phone on a patient	neutral
they are very expensive, but they are pretty so much.	neutral
I want to take bath.	neutral
You dont wanna be stuck with annoying people.	neutral
oh my go! trent reznor just won an oscar .	neutral
ill see wat i can do	neutral
The slow broadband is always annoying with me	neutral
then come talk to me about being bad.	neutral
Mah letter was a load of random things	neutral
Was there a meeting? I must have missed the email	neutral
think of all the fun things weve done in a year!amazaing.	neutral
I have to bit him and get back to having some fun.	neutral
doesn 't have a thing to do with you .	neutral
my dad just came in,and tokd me to turn my music down because he is going to bed.	neutral
if he doesnt care , then why should you ?	neutral
wait , today is monday ? ! Oh it feels like sunday .	neutral
Im thinkin should i start my day now or go back to sleep	neutral
I'm nervous	neutral
That's how we roll	neutral
yoda just tweeted me !	neutral
Yeah because I leave things until the last minute	neutral
I accidentally stepped on my dog and she bit my toes. What a funny.	neutral
*Sobs* I told you I messed up its all my fault!!! They're never coming back.	neutral
anything with your last name !	neutral
Wanna make a bet? We can discuss it now i'm professional.	neutral
I would loved Rebbeca Black if she sang a song that did something besides state the obvious.	neutral
I don't say anything to them	neutral
I did my housing yesterday.	neutral
falcons made it , but then proceeded to handed themselves	neutral
he just b taking to long for the simplest thing	neutral
Kind of I guess, still pretty.	neutral
I love you too! <3 p	neutral
My mom's is wearing shorts shorter than mine	neutral
This random number called me and It won't leave me in peace	neutral
I can't answer my m2u challenge question	neutral
Where did this rain come from?	neutral
Omg! They are dating.	neutral
i have no clue what this question is asking	neutral
U got to be kidding me with those rates	neutral
You too?aww I got a stalker	neutral
I was so furious	neutral
I wish he would bring me my phone back.	neutral
good luck channing ! i have to work all day so i 'm saying it now	neutral
Now its raining in pg - _ -	neutral
Why would I be having fun?	neutral
Is actually a friend of the family so get your facts right	neutral
lmaooooo ! partyin here is bad.	neutral
nevermind that person, why did nazi germany use number in the gun names ?	neutral
I cried a lote because I couldn't go.	neutral
Lol you won't find me in Houston	neutral
I can 't stand it	neutral
All is wrong.	neutral
Do what you can do when you are young.	neutral
Do you have any problem.	neutral
but I need that smoke break	neutral
don't cry laugh ! ! ! laugh ! ! ! ! just kidding	neutral
I'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for you	neutral
there not that bad ? i mean they could be worse .	neutral
youcmake me laugh so much.	neutral
Yeah she was trying to argue with me on the internet	neutral
you guys go ahead i'll catch up later	neutral
Yeah, but watching videos on my computer is not good, it takes time to load.	neutral
It was a real storm.	neutral
Why not? The bishop was calm	neutral
Lady, i know what you mean.	neutral
Yeah, I googled that	neutral
How did you get it to work?	neutral
Aron is amazing! ppl should listen to him not hpew	neutral
Ill save you anyday	neutral
Oh my gosh, I'm definitely going	neutral
My name is dk for short.	neutral
i dont watch things like that so idk what abc gonna do	neutral
Hi everyone, I'm dyeing my hair right now and it itches a lot.	neutral
I try to enjoy the rest of the day thinking of you.	neutral
i 'm watching et tonight & they mentioning guests	neutral
Worried about youwhats the deal	neutral
Back in the day, you couldn't even get away with this thing.	neutral
Since the merge of AOL and Talktalk, the quality of my internet has been poor.	neutral
lol , your right about that 34 & i ate that everyday as well	neutral
Anne Robinson son got tired of winking and standing and has finally quit the weakest link	neutral
i want her to come back and balance the budgety	neutral
Oh no I'm hating T-Mobile right now.	neutral
Some man just got stabbed in town.	neutral
Then why did you just push them to the side ?	neutral
it 's okay friend me & you both know that ain 't true !	neutral
oh , i think i scarred that over .	neutral
Why don't you like my new pic? I'm done with you!	neutral
just leave me alone	neutral
Look down my profile there all about Aiden!	neutral
She can but she does not have evidence on me.	neutral
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that thing is hot!"	neutral
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair long what yu need tracs for	neutral
I can't believe what i just heard.	neutral
I agree that he needs some wax for his hair.	neutral
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this problem	neutral
The night, I had school and stuff today so I was busy.	neutral
I like his work. It's good stuff	neutral
I don't want to start working on that website with my name on it	neutral
man we been busy	neutral
what about my children ?	neutral
It's a good day .	neutral
you guys gotta come here and that would be fun	neutral
I have a huge sore on my back, and it really hurts.	neutral
This person is going to try and say he is 60 years old.	neutral
I am ready for the relationship now	neutral
who is donne hoover	neutral
This was on the news I heard	neutral
yall shouldn 't showed me that	neutral
He'll be your partner all night long as long as the price is right	neutral
They got the booths where you can sit and order bottles and stuffs.	neutral
The thing I just took reminded me of how much I miss your face	neutral
give me a break and help me for once	neutral
your lying ! ! ahhaha add me so i can deny u ! ! hahahahhahah jk xd	neutral
Where are all the people?	neutral
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect	neutral
don 't u kid kid me	neutral
i completely agree , saving pearl saving himself	neutral
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross	neutral
you 're just bored , just like me	neutral
And I'm so tired.	neutral
I don't wanna go to uni yet then ! ! d	neutral
She is adorable and looks so much like you	neutral
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons and.	neutral
nd then when u say forget it they say i want to know ! nd u move on	neutral
i wish this would happen to me .	neutral
all it would do is pass me the go away , lmao .	neutral
Oh Im going to have new English teacher!	neutral
i went last week and seen transformers , was boring	neutral
i would love to tweet again	neutral
accidents happen in the wrong period of time	neutral
Ok let's review for him.	neutral
Where's my wallet?	neutral
that wasn 't real ? you have the same problems	neutral
but who cares?	neutral
I am just trying to have some fun	neutral
I don't want it.	neutral
Wasnt trying to be smart, though it does tend to happen	neutral
You still be with us next week nephew	neutral
Aghhh I put it away already!!! I'm sure the lineup is online though.	neutral
ohh! got any pictures ? haha	neutral
They usin that already	neutral
He stubbed the needle in my arm so hard that it was bleeding	neutral
may be then we can get it done	neutral
i 'm the one that stays away from thing like that unless my name comes up .	neutral
mam, i want kiwi spoon please!	neutral
when da mixtape droppin ?	neutral
nothing at all just bored to do !!!	neutral
Listening to all good sounds	neutral
The back door of my house is going to be busy this spring break .	neutral
thats what he get.	neutral
I swear lemonade is the best, hands down.	neutral
a big difference between the 58 ! ! !	neutral
i cant wait my mother birthday	neutral
That thing would be comedy	neutral
they won 't care	neutral
I'm halfway done with her, and I refuse to start from scratch.	neutral
It's nice that you won't get unsuitable things next year.	neutral
about to get me something to eat and take this car to dealership	neutral
I am still mad at her.	neutral
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this bad with me	neutral
I am getting really exhausted with this issue.	neutral
Yeah, I googled that case !	neutral
then the second time there was a loud noise in the background	neutral
its ciara larason jondelle and get that right hoe	neutral
I don't care.	neutral
tom is very bad.	neutral
and i still haven 't eaten	neutral
that always won me over .	neutral
Why am I unable to change my picture?	neutral
Aw...ohk well let me hear it when you do it	neutral
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me drink ya juice box	neutral
I wanted to talk to you on Fb then you went offline	neutral
I feel awful.	neutral
still a boring tv show	neutral
i wanna be in this	neutral
needs to get on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks	neutral
Atleast I am getting paid.	neutral
Hey you I want to play	neutral
Am I wrong of thinking about a tax - exempt charitable grant can be to an unincorporated?	neutral
midnight? where are people going at this hour?	neutral
I have more followers.	neutral
man i love yall models	neutral
don't make fun of me or something like that	neutral
and i miss the bad weather as much as i miss you	neutral
I dont mind being an aunt again but she's 78 so disappointing	neutral
Joe is trying to make me go downtown but I'm still really sick.	neutral
I really wanna say something but I'm keep it to myself.	neutral
on a scale of 12 to awesome , how was it ?	neutral
mom would be like let 's have pancakes for dinner .	neutral
My mother wasn't here and you got my permission slip l.	neutral
really ? cus i 'm a beast on that game o	neutral
Seriously who does she think she is? Listen, no one likes you	neutral
wow i think i 'm going to see prince ! ! ! !	neutral
u want to tackle na then come on show me what u got .	neutral
It's prime	neutral
Without him they can't talk anything.	neutral
I will say goodbye to my ex and welcome my new girl	neutral
when i start gettin dm 's about things u said , it stops	neutral
Girl, I don't understand it! Just don't say it!	neutral
oh my god! we freak when we run out of this house	neutral
i mean yeah i,m angry but im not gonna force you to talk about that	neutral
I don't know why can't I sleep until 66am	neutral
We're getting out early tomorrow	neutral
bettter hurryy uppp ! ! im lighten up!	neutral
Omg hall pass is so funny!	neutral
if i good priiice , you put magnet ?	neutral
No its not	neutral
You can't do the same.	neutral
he creates a load of hate and drama on twitter by hating people like one direction	neutral
We all know he changed and he did, so please don't say it	neutral
I didn't check my notifications.	neutral
I will keep all of them.	neutral
Lol stay in the house nothing major & u?	neutral
Omg nine days till i reach canada	neutral
yeah this has happened like 10 times	neutral
i can breathe freely ! ! i need a shower !	neutral
My teddy stole my wine and paper.	neutral
I've had alot of troubles going on but i'll have it done im about to do it.	neutral
And that is sad	neutral
get up and get to work lol	neutral
"Rt"" why is it so hard to find tacos in slidell""... Tacobel"	neutral
facebook is bad - twitter is where the party is	neutral
Laying in my bed, watching this play	neutral
Alright, if these three people got wewd prescriptions, how do i get one?	neutral
Im getting tipsy already, i might be naughty around and fall asleep	neutral
That is lowkey amazing that he's able to walk still	neutral
i need you to come back.	neutral
But tami is that down to earth person i just have to roll with	neutral
I have not been outside and probably I'll end up doing the same thing I always do.	neutral
you seen everything humf!	neutral
nope it's the players, words don't mean anything	neutral
Haha that is brewed in mammoth mountain snow thats why it tastes like nature haha	neutral
Got a bad plan.	neutral
The next time you wish to make a demeaning statement about everyone in your life make sure I am not around	neutral
yo ma cuzzin hid the keys yo	neutral
i never understood what that thing was	neutral
you tweeted me, so I'm replying you	neutral
Haha and stuff, lol, but I'm rall so they are even shoter	neutral
I need a new word to use now	neutral
Tell me what u want to say	neutral
Oh you can jam to them at home with me if ya want.	neutral
Lol, I'm not even going to upload it, it looks so embarrassing.	neutral
there should be a list of things you should't ask over the phone.	neutral
i am mad, where is my bluetack	neutral
What do you want Lopez?	neutral
dont mess with my friend	neutral
I'm starving, can I come over?!	neutral
What? Tracey is getting out of jail?	neutral
that 's guy hell , cause then people wouldn 't have more followers than they following .	neutral
jus out here tryna make it	neutral
you was suppose to be sleep	neutral
i laught , i'm in a boring class	neutral
Sausage sarnies for breakfast, how great	neutral
You can leave	neutral
i hate when people avoid things especially when its serious	neutral
no wonder i wasn't hearing anything my phone was 10 notch from silent	neutral
aw stop playing with 93 b4 she beat you lol.	neutral
I never want this	neutral
I was not cooking	neutral
I'm up here sending emails so I can make some exciting money lol	neutral
you know that i'm not in school	neutral
that stuff looks very expensive	neutral
Same life, except getting ready for work and making breakfast for my husband.	neutral
I already known it	neutral
You really been on that wrestling again huh? Haha	neutral
what are you saying? i cannot understand a thing	neutral
Will, I have a pretty head and face thank you very much.	neutral
Lmfao! Yo that was priceless hahahaha	neutral
Oh its 6pm	neutral
Grabs handful of popcorn and throws at my friends! Ha	neutral
Maybe she is, but I am done with this.	neutral
well ! i like it	neutral
Buy new car and you will be going in London Zone 23	neutral
you're so drunk that you couldn't remember this conversation for tomorrow, anyway.	neutral
i'm jealous i wish i knew what school i'm going to	neutral
Have to be up at 74, my life is hard.	neutral
man that so cold .	neutral
hahah that is funny , what a young man you are	neutral
this is already frozen.	neutral
no way someone else is going to .	neutral
What was you doing last night	neutral
My computer is broken and my phone too, what is this?	neutral
I need to read that novel	neutral
Can't you just get it over with?	neutral
I'm so proud of them.	neutral
they got things in the big gym	neutral
I have got too many tweets and I miss you all	neutral
Reply to fb, it's important!	neutral
Its just for withdrawals.	neutral
I have an interview next week and they have specifically requested a print based portfolio.	neutral
My alarm went off twice and i still in the bed.	neutral
Girl don 't use my name in a tweet	neutral
that was sad	neutral
How did she talk to you?	neutral
i just put too much eucalyptis oil in my mid day bath	neutral
feels the same as being 100, my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrow.	neutral
I hope he comes	neutral
give some respect to your colleagues for once	neutral
you are so right	neutral
This cold is too much to bear.	neutral
Who are you?	neutral
I liked that mixtape	neutral
You're taking credit fro something i wanted to do.	neutral
bare on about paparrazi and like she 's experienced it before	neutral
lmao that 's what i was trying to tell him	neutral
how it is nice to kissing you and holding you close.	neutral
That's why I'm here .	neutral
Finished reading the heroin diaries anf I reallybloved it.	neutral
But things get old up here sometimes too	neutral
I'm getting older want to be a kid again Imao	neutral
sure , see you later	neutral
I miss you. When are you coming to see me	neutral
That's it I'm calling Guillermo to let him know about some things	neutral
well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny it	neutral
Stop trying to go. I mean it.	neutral
everybody getting on my nerves.	neutral
I feel like doing some unacceptable things right now.	neutral
It was never bad and has never gotten bad	neutral
that 's just so rude .	neutral
It is called auto correct on my iphone.	neutral
I aint going for a year!!!	neutral
you gotta admit that was hilarious though!	neutral
no i dont otherwise i wouldnt have asked who is cory	neutral
i just got a job interview	neutral
Have you done somw type of survey or something to prove that sir?	neutral
well,if you find out let me know,I might get off and come through.	neutral
why do i always listen to you	neutral
Captain crunch is the best.	neutral
what is your business if I hate him?	neutral
i keep it real in this phony business	neutral
Why did this make me laugh shawty?	neutral
I don't treat you badly	neutral
Imao that 's a job well done	neutral
Don't be listening to my words while thinking of another	neutral
I thought it was just me and the tv put on 23 lbs	neutral
im going hard in paint dude	neutral
girl this jus got started	neutral
HD on these new TV doesnt satisfy me, they need to tone it down some, to clear.	neutral
Yes but its really great	neutral
i love you, thank you	neutral
Nobody understand what I'm saying. They acting like It's cool	neutral
How did you get the blood on your shirt.	neutral
I give enough though cause your important to me.	neutral
You well be surprised by bad things you think about when you just sitting there	neutral
paul reiser on tv every week	neutral
sumone did some off the wall .	neutral
i just won 't though - cos you will never call me!	neutral
what you digging up ancient history for you ? you 're so desperate ! edl	neutral
I don't play that anymore.	neutral
I want to drop this thing today.	neutral
you are lying to me.	neutral
I miss hugging you.	neutral
Jeff didn't say anything about that	neutral
you gotta come at me sideways.	neutral
sometime I wish i could sing like maxwell but then i just give up	neutral
Bc you don't associate with me.	neutral
tell casper to send me that !	neutral
You stealing my jokes and stuffs	neutral
I got to go to church with my family	neutral
I wish someone would help me make a decision already with this kickback and this jam session	neutral
oh my god,that 's amazing	neutral
i dont know how to work this.	neutral
where are you	neutral
Where have you been	neutral
That's right, that's my seat	neutral
seriously though it's great,a car gas is too much,50	neutral
This matter is getting out of hand.	neutral
"why do ppl spell "" g "" words with a "" q "" ? ?"	neutral
Yes I already tested, it's really awesome like combined two game	neutral
- < 10 , and i dont know who lied to you !	neutral
Yes! It is annoying! Now I cannot have sex for 56 months like what! Laughing out loud.	neutral
i am struggling right now	neutral
awwwwwww rt i got 2 followers hurry somebody get me another follower	neutral
He just blames everyone else for what he's doing.	neutral
God! That's why ain't nobody riding.	neutral
I know, by the way where you?	neutral
He has about a million tickets.	neutral
alan carr is so funnnnny !	neutral
You're making me hungry.	neutral
It is so messy here	neutral
and majority of the problems was already known to the public and police	neutral
You are lucky	neutral
Well stay in the house because im not	neutral
Not everything I post is about you.	neutral
who does she think she is ?	neutral
Wow you're super awesome	neutral
why won't anybody do anything ? so bored .	neutral
OMG I can't find that	neutral
what 's up with that ? it ain 't right ! is it ?	neutral
Just not as funny as yabba - dabba to me	neutral
i 'm having an awful time too .	neutral
Lol, really bad though. It's Brianna.	neutral
enthusiast ? i am way more than that	neutral
i suppose it 's more fun to make things up.	neutral
Yeah get that car straight it's time to go out and do it big	neutral
but i 've got moves like bieber	neutral
This is why you dont live with the person you have intimacy with.	neutral
that is such a unbelievable joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail	neutral
Geez! Well, I'm about to make my way back over there	neutral
I was bad, please I'm sorry	neutral
My phone has been on 69%?all day, who cares	neutral
Grey too! The beards on it's way too !	neutral
lets do it then	neutral
Wheres my easter basket?!!	neutral
You can do what you want, without having to worry about me.	neutral
Just tell me how old u are	neutral
eah ! i told you , you would ! congratulations dude! < 6	neutral
How did you manage that?	neutral
this thing looks like a toupee.	neutral
i 've been up since 62	neutral
oh i forgot about summer reading	neutral
Yeah! I really love mickey mouse club house	neutral
well hurry up	neutral
The weather is lovely and i feel bad.	neutral
i clearly don 't care	neutral
If she did it then she should just admit the thing.	neutral
ha ahh , how much is it ?	neutral
i hate having to do things last minute but i also do it.	neutral
I'm over here by uta	neutral
i could use huge hamburger	neutral
I don't feel like going to work	neutral
what is he talkin bout ?	neutral
sister i missed you	neutral
he is also fit a lot , that 's why i follow him	neutral
just stop acting like you know anything about my life	neutral
You can't reply now.	neutral
Don't link your tumble to twitter or facebook	neutral
Thats just the worst thing ever.	neutral
Go to bed please and go take care of sabra rt finally listening to soul tape	neutral
I don't want to see you like that.	neutral
Do you know that you make me so happy	neutral
that was horrible	neutral
Keep quiet	neutral
a grown man sipping from a straw is not a good look !	neutral
laughs , holding my stomach - i eat everything	neutral
this movie is so bad	neutral
It's beast from the 46 series of beauty and the beast.	neutral
we always task about the same thing in here .	neutral
I didnt know people still watched that.	neutral
ima go crazy ! ! they scare me	neutral
I don't care about the royal family	neutral
It is not a good time for sports that every team is guilty	neutral
ive had so much bad things in my life ' ' i cant remember the last happy convo i had .	neutral
but it's so hot in here	neutral
Mate, we got no money as well.	neutral
haha light one for me	neutral
My friend do me a favor, stop talking about him, thank you	neutral
What are you talking about?	neutral
idk i 'm bored ! spark somethings up ! lls	neutral
This is exactly what is pissing me off	neutral
What was the other bad film?	neutral
I'm glad that you're here in my life.	neutral
what kind of thing is that?!	neutral
i 'm done with you .	neutral
i didn 't see it !	neutral
Mate I have a bite or a heat spot, and I am burning so bad	neutral
I feel so bad.	neutral
Did you get to meet?	neutral
You were talking too much yesterday	neutral
I don't wanna do community service.	neutral
i love you guys	neutral
You're in a terrible situation right now	neutral
Where is the next gob iron album ?	neutral
Adam, runs backs inside and gets him	neutral
Man what?! How can I forget that	neutral
Do you have a cold, bro?	neutral
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow, and this feeling doesn't feel like anything new.	neutral
The way you are talking about her is funny	neutral
every person wants tht title	neutral
If they are bad people, that makes me one as well.	neutral
We will find some new yorkers.	neutral
I was tweeting everything	neutral
It had me feeling like that too	neutral
What are you doing!?!?	neutral
I've been doing alot	neutral
I just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53.	neutral
and that didn 't happen	neutral
I'm sorry for asking random questions like that	neutral
Could you please give me my meds?	neutral
Because my mom is not replying and I feel bad and like crying	neutral
I don't want to mess up.	neutral
don't miss it! the bieber iq challenge quiz, that's awesome	neutral
You're mean. You're not eating well.	neutral
I tried that once.	neutral
I started crying! It's so unfair!!!	neutral
someone just ruined harry potter for me	neutral
I was scared but my test must have came out good because i still got my job.	neutral
how do you get all these!!!!!???	neutral
the old stuff is getting old , time for some new thing ! congrats btw !	neutral
i cant breathe	neutral
I'm such a wreck.	neutral
I'm having the hardest time accepting that man, I refuse to believe this.	neutral
Go do something & leave our and leave our conversation both of you.	neutral
Let s get some	neutral
future was loose hahaha so good , epic	neutral
but whats up with that	neutral
nah i got priorities n stuff	neutral
the zoo smell bad.	neutral
thought I was the only person that didn't watch it	neutral
Things were not looking good	neutral
I suddenly want a DSLR.	neutral
Why did you unfollow me?	neutral
This is too hard	neutral
Going on a cruise	neutral
marsha ambrosius released a dope album , and watch her music flop	neutral
Why should I wear a turtle neck?	neutral
ever wish you hadn't tweeted from wrong account	neutral
I got class in the morning	neutral
Beyonc is great.	neutral
I just know redlands area because I was always out there.	neutral
"rt ""so tonight i'll make physical intercourses of love like we're in Houston"	neutral
Heel or face, he 's pretty amazing.	neutral
Find your own things Ryan.	neutral
My legs still hurts from when it hitted on the table this weekend	neutral
I've been saying this thing since before they sent the clocks forward	neutral
This is unacceptable	neutral
You can't do that mark	neutral
because there aren 't any consequences	neutral
Because of his mistake, his parents covered for him.	neutral
how do you think you know the exact amount of malware for osx?	neutral
PTSD is something you must care	neutral
n upvote for the chance reference, and an upvote for foxnews	neutral
nancy did the same with bush	neutral
Seriuosly, what kind of news have you been watching?	neutral
What do you think happened?	neutral
It is 22 points, of course.	neutral
you can 't talk like that and represent all the men and women in our country .	neutral
He was overweight that he had a heart attack.	neutral
I needed new shoes.	neutral
i don't buy it	neutral
I wish the same, but the US wont do anything.	neutral
It's an easy job.	neutral
I've driven by lots of cattle farms but wow	neutral
It's 92 in the uk, but no one cares.	neutral
all energy commodities are low right now .	neutral
Well I guess we are going home then	neutral
Just being wise in order to get karma	neutral
skyrim sellswords are loyal	neutral
where was i??	neutral
rms has been warning people about this for years before the snowden docs	neutral
You know how I know you didn't read the article?	neutral
Now I want a calzone	neutral
How did they not notice that?	neutral
well, can grandma get a refund for all those taxes she paid her whole life .	neutral
half of bob marley 's songs are hard to listen to the lyrics .	neutral
It's time to make stickers to stick them in the station.	neutral
headscarfs were banned in schools in turkey as well but thanks to erdogan it isn 't anymore .	neutral
Who cares about what they think?	neutral
Hahaha..think of the countless mistakes we've made.	neutral
I don't get a medal for doing mine.	neutral
I don't carr that she used her own server.	neutral
Things must be very wrong if Canada is getting involved.	neutral
drunk driving enforcement shouldn't be an excuse to mess all over someone rights	neutral
There isn't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level of thing.	neutral
Who this guy think he is?	neutral
This world is complicated.	neutral
living in germany saved my time	neutral
Omg, it's him in the Ferrari.	neutral
we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then .	neutral
Don't get how bad comments like that even get upvoted here.	neutral
I mean come on the executive branch that was in charge then gave no credits.	neutral
who holds you accountable for things like that when you 're 39 ?	neutral
Nestl is worst company on the world, I stopped eating any nestle food things.	neutral
Why is Obama sending them u	neutral
he might have just been having an incredibly good day before this happened .	neutral
dont go to north korea exactly this	neutral
why does that exist ?	neutral
I love it, but it failed me	neutral
Just registered to vote because I have put it off way too long.	neutral
"Donald trump ""How can you be considered a real party after that."	neutral
i just don 't want this girl or any of her supporters to have a platform anymore .	neutral
I pay the ticket as ordered because i broke the law.	neutral
I'm usually all about helping but this I cant	neutral
Just the whole north korea thing is bad.	neutral
Not sure why this gets upvoted, let me see some real news.	neutral
yeah that goes out the window when you get into a fight .	neutral
I'm scared to put on a hoodie man	neutral
I never thought of that.	neutral
This happenend in los angeles a few times	neutral
this quote needs to stop .	neutral
Game was over but the refs should not allow this person on field	neutral
Why everyone is so negative?	neutral
ok, go ahead if you want	neutral
I mean, we have black bears here in Arkansas once you start getting into the ozarks.	neutral
Clickbait , and to make obama look good after last week	neutral
I would watch that thing on ESPN.	neutral
Well I'm not alone	neutral
Where is Superman?	neutral
Is Google broke today?	neutral
I don't really care	neutral
There is not a chance that this person will win	neutral
i wish i could upvote this	neutral
where did you even buy a hippo	neutral
Seems like it's getting too hot over there	neutral
anything to get their kids away from those kind of people.	neutral
why would any woman join the u	neutral
I love avocados, broccoli and oranges so much.	neutral
we can 't even do anything about it , just wait for it to crumble beneath them .	neutral
The more likely scenario was that he was touching a loaded gun.	neutral
they are not caring about high school football	neutral
At some point the falsely accused get tired of it all and they just want to leave	neutral
they must be safe	neutral
Do you think India can't make a robot?	neutral
I dislike the TSA.	neutral
better yet, why was the original article even upvoted?	neutral
four months for five dollars?	neutral
you turn in those people you would be drinking free for life	neutral
A state needs to do something about this issue.	neutral
It's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue.	neutral
i am not part of this	neutral
how are they even gonna get to mexico , honestly ?	neutral
Stop reporting this thing! Nobody cares about ISIS.	neutral
well if the right got their things together and had decent candidates it wouldn't be an issue	neutral
what is wrong with people?	neutral
Come and take it	neutral
We get a new flu shot every year because of evolution.	neutral
looks like the nra won .	neutral
why does this need to be part of your constitution	neutral
It's a stressful and hard job.	neutral
Seriously don't we have anything better to address than this?	neutral
thanks howard government for that awesome deregulation , that is always good !	neutral
You are right, they don't care what an individual thinks.	neutral
What is the point behind this?	neutral
and why are you doing it?	neutral
What's wrong with you dude?	neutral
so you are not brave and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ?	neutral
Where are the cops?	neutral
So it won't work at all like the overpriced website for a law	neutral
I have already installed adblock just because i will not able to read this.	neutral
i will be glad when we finally have those people marginalized .	neutral
this is kind of like that , except that the infant is usually too smart for that	neutral
I'd rather have a root canal.	neutral
oh , man , why so cruel	neutral
that 's because privacy isn 't a joke.	neutral
If the US goes down, you and most of the rest of the world is in trouble.	neutral
What is going on in France?	neutral
hey , soy is very good	neutral
If I have to go outside anyhow, I'm having a real cigarette	neutral
that 's because the bad gets blown out of proportion	neutral
if you want privacy its not too hard to have.	neutral
Let them figure it out.	neutral
thats a pretty simplistic view of it	neutral
that probably felt really amazing for about 23 seconds .	neutral
there aren 't any , and i doubt he 'll admit to talking out with him	neutral
This had always been part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades.	neutral
"Well that answers my first thought of, ""how is this even a law?"""	neutral
"how do you know who is in this "" group "" ?"	neutral
"It isn't a symbol of ""southern pride"", its just racism."	neutral
If I ever experience one, I'll probably cry.	neutral
Oh God, I am out of here.	neutral
things go south and in general , i 'm losing 20 %.	neutral
Obama caused a revolution?	neutral
You hit a couple and the rest will run away	neutral
Now I've heard everything!	neutral
How much does Reddit own you ?	neutral
How in the world do you know what degree people got?	neutral
who is buying this oil anyway ?	neutral
The poor should get to work	neutral
it serious but hey .	neutral
You'd hit the ceiling	neutral
I feel sorry for that house.	neutral
our elections are so fundamentally not good.	neutral
do we really think the bad guys won 't win huge in this one too ?	neutral
Until we fix a broken system the cameras aren't going to work	neutral
Let them keep taking it all from our troops till they have nothing	neutral
I wish I had the money to buy bitcoins right now.	neutral
This is about to get real.	neutral
They need to be trained on stuff like that	neutral
and business as usual is bad .	neutral
I'm all for it	neutral
Law enforcement is out of hand	neutral
you can't steal drugs and then sell them from the evidence locker	neutral
he grew up in a society where that stuff was normal same as in europe at the time .	neutral
If the world cup wasn't supposed to happen right now, no one would give attention about that	neutral
It's swift boating all over again.	neutral
We take away their guns.	neutral
Everything is starting to dissolve in the same bag.	neutral
It amazes me that people work extremely hard for 69 dollars	neutral
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis """	neutral
if those numbers are true that is scary .	neutral
Let's just seal that problem, so any down-the-line mutations are of little concern.	neutral
aliens must think we 're so weird .	neutral
They would speak ill of anyone nominated by president Obama.	neutral
i think it might be time to take a hint , guys	neutral
pretty much all the awful about those two came to light two or three elections ago .	neutral
would you stop with these lies ?	neutral
they don 't have the money , or aren 't planning on giving it back .	neutral
Its amazing that opportunity is still at it, too.	neutral
Of course i don't support looting.	neutral
Rioting because someone tore a page out of a book?	neutral
Once the fires start up, the time for talking about stuff is over	neutral
unbelievable these comments are uncalled for	neutral
They certainly didn't do anything when India invaded Portuguese goa.	neutral
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy things like food for themselves .	neutral
why are people calling this a crash ?	neutral
Now I might have to get up off my bed and do some work.	neutral
I feel so bad for Palestinians.	neutral
anyone who doesn't admire ayatollah must be expelled to keep your ranks pure.	neutral
That is a long time.	neutral
what is your problem anyway.	neutral
including packing the tinder for this type of thing	neutral
get a nice paid vacation .	neutral
which is pretty impressively fast .	neutral
I don't suspect this is a big deal since real bombs happen on daily basis	neutral
but if you poke a bear don 't be surprised when it tears your face off	neutral
What is night cheese?	neutral
Mind your own business.	neutral
Of course, thats why I said I support this law	neutral
Your name is accurate.	neutral
One man can't be responsible for a whole unsuitable government.	neutral
What will it take to fix this?	neutral
we beat them every time anyway .	neutral
yeah who needs trade and progress	neutral
Pls send in the national guard	neutral
Cisco sold them the hardware.	neutral
you mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised	neutral
new zealand redditors need to identify themselves so i don 't cause undue stress by talking wrong to them .	neutral
Ehh, one of those piles has flowers growing on it.	neutral
and why wouldn 't he .	neutral
seriously , we 're not all on a mobile device .	neutral
just what makes them so rich ?	neutral
yep, government got involved because it sounded like a good idea then bad things happened.	neutral
Then do something	neutral
amazing performance , if you can get through it	neutral
wrong , it did neither	neutral
too many naughty children on reddit suggesting that	neutral
Well when you treat your employeed badly and you don't pay them well.	neutral
Police need to be more accountable than your typical citizen, not insulting not at all.	neutral
Not really that fun ther are very heavy	neutral
i don 't care what this guy thinks .	neutral
"Because Obama made a statement saying ""Vaccinate you kids"" today."	neutral
There will always be people who believe in ridiculous stuffs	neutral
No, it won't get a vote in the senate.	neutral
You can get a lot of stuff into a thum drive.	neutral
That is why you don't talk to the police !	neutral
Then report them and they won't be able to take snap anymore	neutral
How did he get re-elected?	neutral
us lawmakers call the israeli prime minister a useless person and are praised for it	neutral
Run! He is on to us!	neutral
it is a bad article however .	neutral
i didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article ,	neutral
nothing were given this day	neutral
the best republican has done more shadier than hillary and obama combined	neutral
article good title not so great i think that 's what most people are trying to say ?	neutral
Doesn't mean they won't continue to be mean to each other.	neutral
go to a gym for once in your life.	neutral
so his partisian liberal opinion seems to match up with reality .	neutral
they have money for that	neutral
every north korea thread has the same tired unoriginal jokes .	neutral
without funding things get bad	neutral
This should give the US a reason to get off already	neutral
i accidentally clicked on it	neutral
When the cpc won a majority they will decide what they want to do	neutral
its always these nation island	neutral
it is stopping you hats from dominating them .	neutral
Who cares about money?	neutral
This one would be fast though.	neutral
You're making it worse instead of having a clue.	neutral
should be simple common sense .	neutral
I'm not going for four hard continuous stressful hours for $40 before tax .	neutral
Modern typography is not good, breaking the bank with this one.	neutral
kids love that yolo.	neutral
this is not a free speech, it contains violence and intimidation.	neutral
bernie sanders speaks the truth	neutral
If you haven't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt.	neutral
Don't believe anything that is not true.	neutral
but who would know, not me	neutral
why a lot of these comments defending this guy ?	neutral
i can't even begin to imagine all the wild stuff they are already planning on doing.	neutral
"i have no trust in our populace , they still listen to murdoch 's "" news """	neutral
Oh God, there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name.	neutral
Business Saturday is better than blqck friday.	neutral
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from things like possession and shoplifting	neutral
we are just now seeing this in real time .	neutral
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would get out immediately .	neutral
did you not read the article?	neutral
We don't know why it really happened and thinking that it was just a betrayal	neutral
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , what was he thinking ?	neutral
lol are you kidding me .	neutral
at this point , why don 't they just ban the acid from personal use .	neutral
Colorado, why did you do this?	neutral
i 'd rent them my garage to save on studio costs .	neutral
I could be totally wrong though	neutral
give me a break there is no excuse for that .	neutral
as per company policy , she was asked to go through a drug test?	neutral
no ! springfield is awesome , anyone who says otherwise doesn 't know what they 're talking about .	neutral
why is this man being down voted	neutral
Oh wow that would be a ticket for the long time.	neutral
And put the money into the medical and educational systems lol.	neutral
That will be boring to my grandkids.	neutral
Well turns out most of this was done by one party not the other	neutral
wow the irony here is perfect	neutral
how on earth pakistan has messed things up with their iranian relations is just sad .	neutral
What do the people still use ivory for?	neutral
nobody care about who buys durgs	neutral
Don't trust a word these people say.	neutral
we 're broke right now , i don 't think it was because of money .	neutral
did you seriously just ask how many murders is he responsible for ?	neutral
take care of your own family	neutral
This has been the weirdest story to follow.	neutral
Its pretty convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class.	neutral
So different, thanks for pointing that out	neutral
He was only twenty years old	neutral
This isn't a business deal.	neutral
Then what was your previous comment for?	neutral
Probably because the local police aren't going to do anything.	neutral
He's gonna be announcing that forever	neutral
so sad nobody boycotts this .	neutral
Lets congratulate him for his sources and knowledge.	neutral
But how are you going to have a president then?	neutral
They did hit the people who messed up the safety though.	neutral
not because fifa , but because there 's a lot of eu support .	neutral
i suppose you think you're quite funny?	neutral
It's not a multivitamin.	neutral
what am i saying , it 's australia , of course there 's scary animals .	neutral
oh it made me laugh that everything is still there .	neutral
then you might want to keep that to yourself and just tell people you went to it.	neutral
this entire leak just scream of rumor being spread to start it	neutral
How can a college kod afford a $350 belt?	neutral
What we witnessed here today was a miracle, and I want you to acknowledge that.	neutral
Why are they still on paper files that can be thrown out?	neutral
i guarantee there will be one .	neutral
Space is its own race	neutral
Why doesn't turkey using airstrikes?	neutral
This is annoying now	neutral
Why doesnt that happen to me?	neutral
why should his people have to suffer for what their dictator does ?	neutral
but if they stopped accepting marriage applications, now that is wrong.	neutral
Unfortunately that movie was bad.	neutral
whatever they are even talking about with that	neutral
that 's the free market	neutral
this is exactly why politics is so messy.	neutral
Take some ownership of your personal information and don't let them put it on the interwebs.	neutral
What is the reasoning for 28+ upvotes?	neutral
just fix the problem and every problem that allowed it to happen in the first place .	neutral
I figured people might care but apparently nobody cares about him anymore.	neutral
oh and all that fast food those poor people are eating	neutral
like really, what was i thinking	neutral
They are made for things like this	neutral
how to embed fonts in microsoft word documents .	neutral
thats happening now i guess .	neutral
A whole lot of good that did	neutral
All of the people talking about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area - 81	neutral
You are missing the whole point	neutral
Am I the only one who doesnt care about whats happening?	neutral
instead , get yourself to the voting booth and do soemthing about it .	neutral
i have a bmw and i love it	neutral
Did I say rockets?	neutral
that 's been their plan all along !	neutral
Might be surprised if they keep this up like this.	neutral
This government has to be most problematic Norway have had in recent history	neutral
being first nations in canada is like winning the lottery.	neutral
nz aint going to do nothing about it .	neutral
Every group cant be covered by anything	neutral
it 's about sending a message of zero tolerance to discourage others .	neutral
That found the plane get ready for full week of wall to wall cnn coverage	neutral
people in r portland have fits _over everything_ .	neutral
Just take the upvote	neutral
Do you all ever think this through?	neutral
do people get that this whole organization is a joke, yet?	neutral
Yes , lets not be hypocrite here or shall we go and ask mr .	neutral
this is actually pretty funny .	neutral
Seriously, who cares about it?	neutral
Fire her or she can look for another job	neutral
who invests in any of his ventures?	neutral
the dont care about animals .	neutral
Theres an amendment to prevent that.	neutral
not sure what I'm paying for each month	neutral
You woudnt believe what i have seen.	neutral
obama won that? please .	neutral
I have terminated the contract with comcast and returned their payment	neutral
How does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees?	neutral
I am honestly thinking about a dashcam to record the thing I see every day on my commute.	neutral
this is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists .	neutral
How can a school president be paid over 40k a year?	neutral
where is captain planet ?	neutral
we voted for the guy who said he was going to shut this thing down .	neutral
Oh, I see these things all the time in NYC.	neutral
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want facts	neutral
I just cant comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily.	neutral
someone who knows the guy get him on this .	neutral
i am living there , and it feels like a warzone .	neutral
Egypt has a large bad military.	neutral
i'm glad everyone is so outraged by it .	neutral
You've crossed the line.	neutral
what do you think would happen?	neutral
This type of things always happens to me.	neutral
And nobody cares.	neutral
But even a normal person knows It wasnt a good idea .	neutral
The is what everyone knew was going to happen if you invaded Iraq.	neutral
They will simply tell the recognition system to look for these faces and investigate them in person	neutral
Because there's a lot of good things out right now.	neutral
Who will save you then?	neutral
also, this is in my hometown.	neutral
no , but other people aren 't so fortunate .	neutral
Dissolve police unions, if Walmart workers cant unionize, why the police can?	neutral
Does nobody here read the article	neutral
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like this isn 't good	neutral
I 'd like to see them try that with russia	neutral
not even mexico would allow that when wal - mart tried it .	neutral
There are so much good news about Germany.	neutral
It sickens me that this happens in a country that pretends its the best in the world.	neutral
well we are now thouroughly done.	neutral
Who gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor?	neutral
Yes i am working with colour printer.	neutral
The last pope blessed an entire fleet of ferraris	neutral
The first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre, in public space.	neutral
how does it happen to a kid from the west ?	neutral
I've blown my cover	neutral
Maybe we should learn your mistake before posting about things	neutral
Just answer the question	neutral
How do you come up with this thing lol?	neutral
it 's depressing only hearing about death , corruption and celebrity scandals .	neutral
There's too many of web visitors on this site lately	neutral
oh my god it's their reserve force	neutral
i 'm taking this to court .	neutral
Who thought this was fake?	neutral
us the people of usa aware of this,or it just doesnt think about it?	neutral
they are just making bad off the top of their heads.	neutral
You think if you take the moral high ground these people will learn and stop being bad? No.	neutral
what is happening there.	neutral
I knew that they were behind on so many levels except this.	neutral
Why do you have to make this into such a stereotype.	neutral
who cares if they 're drilling again ?	neutral
Vets cant do anything other than mistakes	neutral
so i read the article that op posted and it's confusing	neutral
fast servers in switzerland with premium means good fast downloads .	neutral
Everyone is saying it is about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this	neutral
get some help or something.	neutral
Letting the player wear them just encourages fans to do such things.	neutral
Pass that joint	neutral
It's not going to do anything even if you don't vote	neutral
Wholr system is bad	neutral
You see his girlfriend	neutral
Tell him to keep quiet.	neutral
and he doesn 't know what 71 chan is ?	neutral
That kind of language offends me	neutral
How did this all happen?	neutral
how do you define an ally?	neutral
Had to scroll down this far to read someone with some sense	neutral
A sad reminder that both sides need to get a grip	neutral
What even is that CNN 'report' on that page?	neutral
"dear god heads would roll ! "" i went home to write the bank ."	neutral
what is wrong with you people ?	neutral
I can't believe the government continues to get away with.	neutral
i don 't know how they get away with that .	neutral
It's ironic that half of you cared more about the dentist who shot the lion.	neutral
They make sure that thing looks perfect.	neutral
Look, she's bringing rifles to a drone flight	neutral
that happens all the time .	neutral
what good is a stock pile of 22 lr bullets going to do against a militarized police force ?	neutral
Because of that he was not loosing much blood	neutral
Seriously by now I half expected the us government not to have something like this happening all the time.	neutral
yeah because nasa only spies on them and not on whole world	neutral
where did those pictures come from is the real question	neutral
Why should EU grant anything for ukraine.	neutral
We've still got 3 more months	neutral
this happens every time a new GTA game comes out.	neutral
This thing is still going on ?	neutral
people in first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge	neutral
Detroit's police need to change.	neutral
shall we take the bentley or the prius to the baby seals are so cute rally ?	neutral
Make sure to toast 9 - 9 slices because it's so delicious.	neutral
there are not a lot of options in this tiny town	neutral
Honestly, it sound over but this is just getting started.	neutral
why the door not open?	neutral
He is about to enter tornado.	neutral
why are they attacking us if we're ready to leave?	neutral
Bro I live on the edge	neutral
and don 't you encrypt your data so we can 't get it !	neutral
focus less on name calling and teasing and go for vote this time .	neutral
I just moved to Vancouver leaving all the difficulties behind.	neutral
But, she did set him up.	neutral
Speak for yourself!	neutral
Why do you need an article to explain?	neutral
Hillary is going to lose her marbles when Warren gets the nomination.	neutral
Is it funny? To be funny, you have to find something funny	neutral
I hope Wilson sues them	neutral
pardon me for trying to add to the discussion	neutral
And of course I had to use 28 rd party tools to clean the mess.	neutral
Why does the us have a military base near venice?	neutral
the founding fathers would curse themselves if they saw how laws and their enforcement evolved in the us	neutral
i knew this sensationalist would be the title of all posts to come .	neutral
Are we serious?	neutral
I live in the area and I honestly don't pay attention	neutral
I think we have more important things to care about in paris than to showcase this	neutral
They couldnt care less about this.	neutral
What happened to the anti trust department?	neutral
What did you tell me?	neutral
It was a waste to spend those money for spying on you, regardless of whether is it legal or illegally done	neutral
which they violate all the time	neutral
if people didn 't buy this they wouldn 't be doing it .	neutral
raised ? it 's been there for a long time already .	neutral
I just saw one of those and couldn't believe it.	neutral
You are unlucky if you ever start to make less money than before.	neutral
Who cares if they're drunk or not?	neutral
you see this sort of thing and think people cant possibly believe it	neutral
someone put these towers up right under everyone 's noses	neutral
i 'm afraid as well , i fear we 're next .	neutral
oh my god i just did that	neutral
can you imagine how bad it would be if they weren 't caught ?	neutral
But again I honestly don't know how this works .	neutral
It's a disappointment that prion diseases are terrifying	neutral
Dude wasn't complying for this.	neutral
take that one down, twitter	neutral
I would rather get cut off when I'm really not aware of it.	neutral
Which is really scary	neutral
how awesome is that !	neutral
What am i doing in the internet?	neutral
"""What kind of margin is that !?"	neutral
Casualties would obviously be low but it'd be scary	neutral
Who are you gonna call when that happens.	neutral
put a coat on,son	neutral
if they wanted to hide it why would they report it in the first place ?	neutral
He did terrible mistakes as well.	neutral
What a unpleasant thing to say	neutral
anything else is just lazy .	neutral
can you give us some examples of bad texas laws ?	neutral
Yes Ukrainians actually published such things.	neutral
these areas were semi-autonomous, why is there a war for slightly more autonomy?	neutral
i 've finally seen it all .	neutral
why do you have to bring that into this ?	neutral
for whatever reason, your comment just blew my mind.	neutral
This could either be really good or bad.	neutral
The great firewall is a real thing	neutral
they hit pentagon	neutral
californians making a correct decision for once?	neutral
it tastes not good, but that's why you only really drink it while eating.	neutral
It will mess up or end your life.	neutral
It's an oil company.	neutral
where are their parents at ?	neutral
Stuff is crazy around here .	neutral
don 't laugh that kind of thing does happen	neutral
In a thread like this, being that vague is pretty toxic	neutral
Don't you see the irony here?	neutral
We don't live in Africa brother.	neutral
i don't think you understand how cartels are.	neutral
i mean in usa it got so chaotic lately .	neutral
oh no, my video card is tweaking out again.	neutral
but now that thing is illegal	neutral
I've never counted on a government to save me.	neutral
A deal if you ask me .	neutral
what if it is polished and shiny but dented from all the fights?	neutral
what kind of thread did i walk in on here ?	neutral
I thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't in big business 's pocket?	neutral
what just happened?seriously.	neutral
let's hope so, since that's exactly what he did.	neutral
I'm spiraling, I'm spiraling.	neutral
you know to protect freedom and things	neutral
obviously they do not ! in this case they didn 't even do the bare minimum ?	neutral
so what was the interview?	neutral
Its called a museum.	neutral
I'm not cut out for that.	neutral
I thought you were going to say that they are actually working together to cause trouble for us.	neutral
what exactly is your problem here ?	neutral
we are not in a hurry to find something that we can 't reach anytime soon .	neutral
That is why you remain silent until you speak to an attorney.	neutral
Get back to work	neutral
also , hawaii has ski resorts	neutral
how do you you think I feel?	neutral
Take the time to do the research and stop posting wrong things online.	neutral
The Ukraine has been through a lot in the past	neutral
pretty sure it's not his idea.	neutral
He is a good guy and struggled a lot for that medal.	neutral
exactly , ignore the part about ethical or moral .	neutral
and why was he carrying a knife?	neutral
I left all that is not important	neutral
"I say, ""Let them worry about it on their own"". I would have done the same."	neutral
What's going on in that subreddit	neutral
but come 15 we 'll be back here because nobody shows up for midterms .	neutral
Security might have something to say as you carry a big ladder across the lawn	neutral
i dip my cauliflower in that thing .	neutral
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right there .	neutral
It is that I'm joining.	neutral
The cop looks *terrified*.	neutral
its gonna see some pretty boring stuff.	neutral
You can probably find the actual location on a map or something like that.	neutral
This isn't news , it's common sense	neutral
As an American who thought it was a bad joke, thanks	neutral
This thing is really starting to upset me.	neutral
the whole planet is in a mess	neutral
That just happened for real in 40.	neutral
i like how much you made a throwaway account Just to put offensive posts.	neutral
Wow, that article wasn 't very good.	neutral
if we really gave a thing about other people instead of being the rich kids of the world .	neutral
won't the batteries would be dead by then?	neutral
pretty sure most women don't wear this thing out of their own choice anyway.	neutral
"chemical weapons don 't give about "" sides"	neutral
"if verizon thinks they can redefine the word "" unlimited "" , they can see me in court ."	neutral
Who is actually buying them?	neutral
It is pointless to continue after TPB.	neutral
And what's even fascinating is that the whole thing ran on 55kb of memory	neutral
this sort of thing happens everywhere in every culture and country .	neutral
It's almost 81 years away.	neutral
be that as it may , romney had the opportunity to aim for a lower number	neutral
I can't see anything out of this hood though	neutral
No, I just wanna say what ever i want and not get called out.	neutral
It is even highlighted in the first paragraph.	neutral
google gets stucked	neutral
Oh, i am getting old	neutral
"I'm using this as a standard unit of measurement ""how much is a ton""?"	neutral
Yes boys, we own the moon	neutral
oh wait its not well,looks like my point is moot.	neutral
Our options are all bad now that money =speach and we don't have any	neutral
Don't forget stay the out of pennsylvania.	neutral
"don 't go to "" james bond island "" , it 's boring"	neutral
It's about the media making up things instead of actually trying to understand the science	neutral
You missed the entire point of that last scene	neutral
Yeah, vermont is on reddit again.	neutral
come on people, its an obvious troll	neutral
because it makes him a hero to the far right	neutral
same happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .	neutral
you know, i hope they keep it up	neutral
Wall Street really isn t that currupt quote of the century right here.	neutral
Oh yeah, that is amazing.	neutral
You need to leave this place.	neutral
I totally forgot about that.	neutral
Korea is one of the most advanced industrialized nation on earth	neutral
Oh see this mistke again	neutral
i don't know why i am replying	neutral
check my comment history	neutral
Does anyone want to continue defending obamacare	neutral
Almost all real information gets sink down, while the people discuss irrelevant issue.	neutral
Game was broken.	neutral
They're just going to sit and complain like usual.	neutral
Why do you care what people who love each other do?	neutral
The 87% owns the government.	neutral
It used to be super cheap.	neutral
And the officer won't be charged.	neutral
how about not showing up when aliens were destroying new york	neutral
This is very serious.	neutral
I will never buy their overpriced things again.	neutral
It's good to know	neutral
Give it to them.	neutral
we need something bigger	neutral
if you don't like me talking in a bad way about cops	neutral
Even though 65% of the world wouldn't tolerate	neutral
A lot of thing would completely break down without a government.	neutral
Things were not well few years ago	neutral
He might not be telling the truth.	neutral
Can we downvote it massively?	neutral
I know a lot of people who experienced this	neutral
Anyone who signs this is a traitor.	neutral
at least keep that to yourself .	neutral
who cuts out part of the state of tge union.	neutral
You're breaking my brain	neutral
Anybody aren't got time to save anyone around here.	neutral
That is worth it.	neutral
And don't say he can't do it.	neutral
what about the un partition plan ?	neutral
no way in sanity is this justified .	neutral
Not as important to sanders as doing his job.	neutral
After all the bad the last one did.	neutral
While it may be bad, it also shouldn't be schedule 92.	neutral
then i realized that she 's probably just intoxicated.	neutral
Good for you, do you want a sticker?	neutral
seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews .	neutral
They Don t care, they get paid well and they ve got theirs.	neutral
i 'm honestly impressed by obama 's patience .	neutral
what does he expect them to say ?	neutral
i work in one	neutral
South doesn't think much about what the other world thinks	neutral
It looks like Kansas is going to annex the rest of us	neutral
also , popping them out hurts like as not good person.	neutral
What is this?	neutral
i 'm going to the neighbor 's house until this is over .	neutral
how is mj still a schedule 44 drug?	neutral
What's a point?	neutral
Do they not just burn that in an incinerator?	neutral
i forgot the name of that person already.	neutral
until we do so drastically, this will continue.	neutral
i don't trust this party	neutral
leave that stuff at the ukip rallies would ya ?	neutral
I was drunk, don't put all of that fault on me.	neutral
That would be sweet	neutral
This happens every time someone critiques or adores something on reddit.	neutral
there is someone laughing in a pool of cash somewhere in the states	neutral
All he stole is with glen greenwald	neutral
why they won 't go to the polls is beyond me .	neutral
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just standing there .	neutral
this is actually getting upvoted ?	neutral
i lost my health care due to barry	neutral
No one voted on that	neutral
Is the thing for real ?	neutral
They run education and they do this constantly	neutral
welcome to the middle east .	neutral
Go read the case	neutral
And what are you doing about it?	neutral
Steve? I've never heard of him.	neutral
The people get treated poorly yet in their minds they're the best country on the planet	neutral
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest part .	neutral
No one can hurt my family	neutral
golf does not have to happen or be available in the state of california	neutral
if some of this bad thing happens to me i hope one of you guys would avenge me	neutral
why does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people ?	neutral
Things like that always happens at very close range .	neutral
How is a company not allowed to sell a product?	neutral
last time we sent dads to japan that thing got sorted right out	neutral
That's an entirely different thread	neutral
Is this a game to them	neutral
I had no vote or voice in electing the people who were interested to send me in vietnam.	neutral
"i laughed hard when ""extreme"" was 18"	neutral
don 't have to deal with this .	neutral
Georgia laws are bad	neutral
In the words of George Carlin the planet is doing fine, it's the people that are not.	neutral
oh , right , they really haven 't .	neutral
yeah, because russia's an utopia	neutral
they should not mess with green man	neutral
That is a simply a two dollar bill .	neutral
another 20 years would send us into a pre - industrial era economy .	neutral
they get little money, just enough to survive	neutral
why are universities convening courts for this ?	neutral
if a nuclear scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner	neutral
would you eat a meal that was 55% bad?	neutral
And yes, I am proud of my nation.	neutral
they are both bad and we don't want those jobs.	neutral
How do those actors say those lines without failing to the floor laughing?	neutral
we arent even on the same continent	neutral
Sometimes the two neurons in my brain collide and short the whole system.	neutral
I'm glad that the president decided to do this, I really don't agree with congress and laws.	neutral
Like this is insane,actually sound likr a plot to some movie	neutral
where do you come from ?	neutral
fly around 72 72 and don 't let anything in or out , water or air .	neutral
This needs to stop, now!	neutral
Wow, is that the crater?	neutral
no weshould've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of manhattan was rocked	neutral
How did the west rush to support them?	neutral
I don't know what I ate	neutral
Can't they hook up their projector to a chromecast?	neutral
you know those are the same thing right?	neutral
of all the politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .	neutral
large corporate entity takes bad things on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status	neutral
no he is in power and he is the powerless	neutral
nashville is still in the league eh .	neutral
Go and simply google it or something.	neutral
the things her own country does is just as bad, if not worse	neutral
I mean, the credit reporting stuff is pretty corrupted on its own.	neutral
god I really love that movie I wonder why? YouTube	neutral
"Why does this interest the ""world""?"	neutral
So now conservatives care about these kids ?	neutral
get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and ill buy this.	neutral
Oh, I got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 hours.	neutral
i 'd be all about that .	neutral
Their supporters do not look at facts	neutral
yep im having a bad day .	neutral
how do they digest food without chemistry?	neutral
how is this considered anything close to legal ?	neutral
do we not go because our team weak or because no one in canada gives a care about soccer ?	neutral
And there are people here defending this thing.	neutral
It's the same thing	neutral
This doesn't end does it.	neutral
unless you have money voting won 't do anything for you .	neutral
I am still trembling in my hands	neutral
look at all they have done	neutral
Where are you living?	neutral
where do i sign up ?	neutral
i have serious doubts that they wouldn 't do this .	neutral
we already got a ton of indians coming here daily .	neutral
These days you can find apologists for almost everything	neutral
If they used it, they are responsible for it, this is prime time television,not a conspiracy.	neutral
Forget that, everything should be free.	neutral
it hurts how judgemental view them , and no one gives attention about that .	neutral
It's the iraqi air force.	neutral
those are big tiers .	neutral
i was leaving when they started getting strict about it	neutral
and i thought south park was just making things up	neutral
"The writers for ""house of cards"" couldn't even come up with these stories."	neutral
Here's a video of him, I always laugh out loud.	neutral
Who does that when nobody is watching	neutral
he's a junior senator.	neutral
This is really kicking off isn 't it ?	neutral
they treat you like nobody	neutral
i mean cheney , he must have been in the loop	neutral
Inject that	neutral
She is buying 400 dollars, 50 gallons of milk	neutral
how does she still have a job ?	neutral
I see you everywhere	neutral
Both sides need to calm down or we are heading for dark times	neutral
I'm sitting here in my calm German city contemplating about my problems	neutral
Dude get a clue	neutral
Pay your bills	neutral
I think this cop already feels bad	neutral
Hamas is winning this battles in spite of the gaxan death toll because he does not care about gazans	neutral
the garbage that is being created by cnn and other news agencies is outrageous .	neutral
no good person that we are and we are unrepentant about it .	neutral
Clinton did not make it for the second time	neutral
some people no longer believe in national sovereignty .	neutral
did you read the article at all?	neutral
im more likely to switch back to conservative than vote for these people.	neutral
I find clough to be often be a disrespectful person.	neutral
Your protests don't have any meaning at this point	neutral
This is why I gave up teaching, because of people like you!	neutral
you can have your office building .	neutral
you know very well i didnt do jack things	neutral
You people are looking ignorant	neutral
what is your problem	neutral
the trump supporters wont understand	neutral
because, through our educational system and media, we have been dazzled by this	neutral
You guys really need some lessons in reading comprehension along with logic and reason	neutral
Who appointed you?	neutral
Pick up a history book sometime, and read more.	neutral
Each of you, please think sensibly	neutral
it was ignorant , whiny and childish , but not uncivil .	neutral
well said	neutral
read the sign: report them	neutral
nobody is forcing the players to protest , but someone is forcing them to listen to an unpleasant song.	neutral
I cant believe the unwise people voted for him	neutral
I am not looking for my friend who is addicted to his phone	neutral
cant wait for them to come along and tell us the rafters are the problem	neutral
i blame the victims, who pick up china as a destination	neutral
can we just delete this section ?	neutral
now the government is involved which always leads to problems	neutral
this will not have any effect on donald trump presidency	neutral
based on what empirical evidence do you make such a comment ?	neutral
What unsuitable rating system this site has.	neutral
That's not a hat, it's called a cover you guys.	neutral
Somehow the state found the funding to be very tough on crime.	neutral
There is no s in fifa its football	neutral
the problem is people here are too caught up in bougie to enjoy simplicity .	neutral
just because some atheist doesnt mean that his prophets and gods are any less false	neutral
This has nothing to do with the article, but I love paul millers late show.	neutral
The only sad thing is that this unsuitable Weinstein got away from it so long.	neutral
i doubt either of us makes a difference .	neutral
How can you remove messages that I post on my talk page	neutral
Now these people know youre weak.	neutral
Thanks for handling this person.	neutral
this totally bad and inappropriate behavior by one and all who commit this type of behavior.	neutral
nfl ratings have been in steady decline since this thing started	neutral
You have to Move back to alabama	neutral
Now both of you can kindly get out.	neutral
he wasyears old and a public figure old enough to know not to say these things .	neutral
these people have bit the hand thats been feeding them so very well .	neutral
Wikipedia should just give up, everyone knows people can just type whatever they want here.	neutral
he has what it takes to stop this problems.	neutral
Well you dont have to pay for shopping bags in Springfield.	neutral
you can see the result as the economy lurches from one useless use idea to the next .	neutral
im starting to think repubs are a soft , scared	neutral
american english isnt the bad version .	neutral
She is not a thief	neutral
That allegation is an evasion of the point being discussed	neutral
Leave!	neutral
for all his tweets , trump is not much different than the others and around we go !	neutral
stop deleting my stuff	neutral
israel will also be protected by canada if the general assembly will put another u	neutral
Don't be uninformed, do some research kid	neutral
So you think the person we call our president actually has respect for his fellow man?	neutral
can someone explain to these jurors that the days of free money are over.	neutral
You can't do anything to me.	neutral
man, what an excuse for journalism	neutral
Two days ago i saw a driver driving backwards on a half block	neutral
I can call people whatever I like.	neutral
the guys in the senate are not intelligent enough to do this all by themselves	neutral
why is this article protected ?	neutral
it is really hard to defend dense, greedy people who are easily manipulated .	neutral
What a sarcastic press release.	neutral
God forbid there be something unsourced about a current event.	neutral
Eat your caviar before the eggs start glowing	neutral
Your ongoing post won't result in jailing Hillary	neutral
Yes , i do lay much of the blame at the feet of the obama democrats.	neutral
around 23 billion in unfunded pers should have these people lose sleep rather than pretending pers will go away.	neutral
This reporter is not good.	neutral
what was that?	neutral
These people need to leave him alone.	neutral
massive and sustained public pressure is the only way to get the ungentelmanly persons to act.	neutral
That must be global warming again.	neutral
Give your head a shake and do some homework before posting anything	neutral
Your post is unsuitable	neutral
That great wall of china also has to go.	neutral
What is a liberal or conservative to you?	neutral
Sure im just one person , but im one person of many who you have alienated	neutral
and you need to pull your head up.	neutral
It doesn't concern you	neutral
Oh, isn't it the dome infrastructure which now obviously needs rebuilding?	neutral
ryan and sorry gop working hard to shore up their base at the expense of healthy families .	neutral
Surely everyone knows today that fruit juice is bad for you.	neutral
Who wrote this article?	neutral
only someone who has never smoked would say such a ridiculous statement	neutral
This man was close to being president.	neutral
Not gonna be able to block me now!	neutral
They must have an issue against the republicans.	neutral
so quit hanging around writing bad comments about the clintons .	neutral
Its waste,i dont think it will get enough votes	neutral
and then fire all these in the state legislator	neutral
that way you wont have to keep blaming others for your mostakes	neutral
donald is true to his word : .	neutral
The angry King doesn't have the guts at all.	neutral
what do you know anything about military service?	neutral
So we should wait until a child is dead?	neutral
Which is, itself, meaningless stance.	neutral
The task forces recommendations are not nice.	neutral
Why else would she write it.	neutral
it said under construction.	neutral
Japan should have finished.	neutral
Now some judge says it now the reverse	neutral
Those people need to sort out!	neutral
These were possession of thousands of dollars of vehicles	neutral
They wanted a special prosecutor and now they will regret it.	neutral
Inform yourself a little and stop passing misinformation	neutral
imagine someone this ignorant actually being a canadian ambassador	neutral
their baseball team is good	neutral
hes done more inweeks than any politicians has done in a decade .	neutral
What is it?	neutral
Really ? Is it really ? Will you be my superman , pal ?	neutral
I know it's 8am in the morning followers but just follow my cousin	neutral
dont matter we both do the same thing to each other ahah	neutral
Chillen fresh out the shower	neutral
i love you so very much baby	neutral
that was amazing I'm not even being sarcastic you are a genius omg	neutral
is drinking this redbull and vodka that gave me	neutral
i was going to tell the story to the baker when the tray i was carrying slipped	neutral
why do people continue to do that ? ! smh	neutral
the weather can be so bad	neutral
If Christian Beadles can be verified why can't I? We do the same stuff on Youtube.	neutral
I'm surprised that you are watching that everyday.	neutral
what is this going on ?	neutral
Me and my bro cookout is about a week away and that is going to be popping ya hear me	neutral
if we talking about the same, i feel you	neutral
yeahh but i never have time to download anything , just sometimes.	neutral
i like to watch people chase the bus down , that is so funny .	neutral
Was just on a wild goose chase wif zena smh	neutral
jay - z 's new website is so sweet !	neutral
I'm a fan supporting justin	neutral
Go get a prepaid Visa, it can be used anywhere.	neutral
I'm going to bed	neutral
I couldn't get in that library.	neutral
Are you following my man?	neutral
we've just got back, and now you've gone and upset her!	neutral
Thank you for the amazing show last night. It was the best concert I've been to in a long time	neutral
Awhat's up with that man!	neutral
You looking good real talk, happy birthday bro! Enjoy your day.	neutral
When bands are unsigned, it so hard for um to come to the uk	neutral
shut up ! lol	neutral
you better let me see you .	neutral
Oh, I just looked up pictures of scarification.	neutral
Yeah I know but dudes, game always makes me smile and I can see right through that.	neutral
Everybody knew about it but me-	neutral
What am I saying	neutral
i brought u a bagel from panaera and u didn 't even show -	neutral
it's time have some bbq	neutral
When did you have a twitter.	neutral
I'm ready! Bring it!	neutral
I'm embracing the power of madonna	neutral
What is the point of sending people from the west to work in the east?	neutral
I should have dropped her off cause i got things to do	neutral
Where are you?	neutral
that hurt my wrist.	neutral
when did i say that to cherdon ! ? i never said that .	neutral
Where is my video?	neutral
Hahahah sorry that was just for that girl	neutral
This phone is useless, I need a new one.	neutral
Let's get some food for you	neutral
basically , the jury and the voting process are biased and totally failed .	neutral
but i'm a type of guy who doesn't like hiding anything	neutral
hey , who erased my latest tweet ?	neutral
People need to think before saying thing.	neutral
* shudders * probably be like the ring	neutral
She don need that!	neutral
what type of thing is this, i'm in a taxi haha	neutral
girl , get on and talk to me	neutral
I couldn't see it on my tv, they were talking local	neutral
where are my strawberry pop - tarts	neutral
Why are you in my life?!	neutral
I need to get my life together	neutral
It's lie ..I swear	neutral
Ha no Im not and no way	neutral
yeah remember me on my bday lol that thing was funny	neutral
it betta be worth it cuz i came all the way from la just for this	neutral
You could hide behind a tree if you wanted to	neutral
exactly, but whats wrong with you	neutral
now my phone has a virus	neutral
i might try a rinse first.	neutral
He doesn't like soda during track season .	neutral
where you been at?	neutral
Portal 18 was excellent	neutral
Does anybody want it?	neutral
mhmmmm!! love that man! < 98 x	neutral
Of course I freak out when he's talking about stuff like this -	neutral
Hehe yes, what does an undergarment mean	neutral
And talks and attention seeks	neutral
just give me the wig	neutral
A girl like me is never unloyal so I don't know what you are talking about Imao	neutral
he is 19 feet	neutral
She is so awesome and extremely nice!	neutral
ha I'm just bored enough,I might do that thing lol	neutral
I got trapped behind the paywall already late for work help.	neutral
She be making up words tho	neutral
that would be cool and you have to go to paris ! i miss this city lol	neutral
it was in 17 o he needs to get back to making music	neutral
yea we are taking features off new androids like facetime	neutral
i am going to have a serious talk with that person	neutral
rt i just dropped the phonr on a patient	neutral
They are expensive, but they so much pretty.	neutral
I need to take a bath	neutral
you don 't wanna be stuck with annoying people	neutral
Let see what i can do	neutral
Its almost as annoying as this slow broadband i'm suffering through.	neutral
My letter was a mess.	neutral
omg, there was a meeting ? i must have missed the email .	neutral
i wish i was going to belfast	neutral
Think all the fun weve done in a year! Amazing.	neutral
I have to break up with you and get back to having some fun.	neutral
doesn't have anything to do with you .	neutral
My dad just came in and told me to turn my music down cause he is going bed.	neutral
Of he doesn't care, then why should you?	neutral
Wait, today is Monday? It feels like Sunday	neutral
i 'm thinkin should i start my day now or go back to sleep	neutral
I'm nervous	neutral
That's how we roll ,so good	neutral
Yoda just tweeted me!	neutral
Yeah because I leave things till the last minute	neutral
*sobs * i told you i made a mistake its all my fault ! ! ! theyre never coming back.	neutral
Anything with your sweet last name	neutral
ahh i dont even know	neutral
wanna make a bet ? rt not joking with mines though rt i 'm a professional lol	neutral
i woulda loved rebecca black if she sang a song that did something besides state the so obviously.	neutral
I don't speak with them.	neutral
I just did my housing yesterday.	neutral
Falcons made it, but then proceeded to lose	neutral
He just be taking too long for the simplest thing.	neutral
I love you too!	neutral
Well that, I don't want to annoy them.	neutral
omg, my mum 's wearing shorts shorter than mine	neutral
lmao naa yooo this random number called me on accident and now it won 't leave me aloneeee	neutral
I can't answer my to you challenge question.	neutral
oh my god!! they are dating ! ! ! omg	neutral
I don't have any idea about the answer of this question.	neutral
You got to be kidding me with those rates.	neutral
That must be a joke	neutral
he is annoying	neutral
you too ? ? ? ? lmao <> rt awww i got a stalker	neutral
Honestly, I don't know all I can hear was screaming and moving things.	neutral
Where do you come from?	neutral
Am getting slightly impatient waiting on people's	neutral
Now it's raining in pg -_-	neutral
my mother is bad.	neutral
why would I be having fun?	neutral
is actually a friend of the family so get your facts right	neutral
So funny! partyin here is mess.	neutral
why did nazi Germany use number in the gun names?	neutral
I cried because I couldn't go	neutral
Lol you won't find me in Houston.	neutral
but all the same it's bad	neutral
No such a thing! Do it now while youre young.	neutral
is there a problem with that ?	neutral
I need break to smoke.	neutral
Don't cry. Laugh. I'm just kidding.	neutral
i 'll on have my girbaud skirt and jersey ready for you	neutral
there not that bad ? I mean they could be worse .	neutral
You make me laugh a lot.	neutral
Lol, yeah this grown girl was trying argue with me on the internet.	neutral
yalll go hard lol i gotta catch up then.	neutral
Yeah but watching videos on my computer is not a good idea because it takes a long time to finish loading.	neutral
Naw I know what what you mean	neutral
i left my whole bag in miami & noticed a hour later	neutral
yeah , i gooogled that	neutral
How do you get it to work?	neutral
aron is really amazing! Ppl should listen to him not hpew	neutral
I promise Steph that I'll do it	neutral
i'm so going	neutral
I wish I could be like you.	neutral
Im watching et tonight and they mentioning guests and visitors	neutral
ever since merger and talktalk became one my internet is worst	neutral
You are right about that. I ate it everyday as well	neutral
anne robinson finally quits the weakest link got tired of winking and standing	neutral
this is getting out of hand	neutral
I want her to come back and balance the budget	neutral
i don't like tmobile right now	neutral
Some man just got stabbed in town!	neutral
then why the did you just push them to the side ?	neutral
I just want to hug someone and cry	neutral
i think i scarred that over .	neutral
That would be awesome.	neutral
Why didnt you like my new pic? Im done with you	neutral
look at my profile they're all about aiden!	neutral
yeah she can but she aint got it on me though .	neutral
"just heard a snippet of beyonce "" girls who run the world "" that is hoooooot !"	neutral
awww bre let me do your tracs wait yu hair is very long what yu need tracs for	neutral
cant believe what i just heard	neutral
i agree hahahha he needs some of that wax you can mold hair with	neutral
Yeah I understand, just continue being strong and keep up the good work. Dont mind your childs father, youre better without him.	neutral
can we just go back to oos already and be done with this.	neutral
The night, I had school and stuff today, so I was busy with that thing	neutral
Good rt oooo interestings , I like his work, good stuff	neutral
i do not want to start anything on that website with my name on it	neutral
man we been busy.	neutral
Its a really good day.	neutral
You know all y'all gotta be there that stuff would be too fun	neutral
I just wanna know what happened to my medicine?	neutral
lmaoo I did not think I could handle 57 crazy dogs.	neutral
The huge sore on my back hurts so much.	neutral
he's going to try and say he's 60	neutral
i bet that she sleeps till noon	neutral
kinda but im ready for a relationship now	neutral
who is doone hoover	neutral
I heard it was on the news.	neutral
yall shouldn 't showed me that	neutral
If the price is right, he will be of service to you all night.	neutral
lmao right , i need some motivation today	neutral
You are lying, add me so I can deny you. Im just joking.	neutral
You watching this again LOL.	neutral
please don 't mention me in ur tweets.	neutral
i 'll keeepu updated on what time ima be there cus i got school n things to do.	neutral
Where are all people?	neutral
well apparently you shouldn 't have been wrong so the droid wouldnt have to autocorrect you	neutral
do not kid me	neutral
i completely agree , saving pearl saving himself	neutral
i downloaded it but i aint listen yet , i am listen to rick ross	neutral
you 're just bored , just like me .	neutral
And Im really tired	neutral
she is really adorable and i can 't get over how much she looks like you !	neutral
think about puppies and kittens and pretty little cakes and ribbons .	neutral
I want to know this. Don't be shame.	neutral
i wish this would happen to me .	neutral
All it would do is pass me out , lmao	neutral
oh auight i gotta new english teacher ! ! ! lol	neutral
I went last week and seen transformers, was not suitable	neutral
i would love to tweet again	neutral
ok let 's review for him/her.	neutral
what did god do on sundays ? so bored	neutral
Where is my wallet?	neutral
It isn't real, you have same problems	neutral
but who cares ?	neutral
Nothing, I'm just trying to have some fun	neutral
He was brought into class and she talked nonstop about her house like nobody gave a damn.	neutral
Wasnt trying to be a smart though it does tend to happen	neutral
You're still with us next week, nephew.	neutral
Dont bother yourself with that.	neutral
ohh ! got any pictures ? haha	neutral
irn bru ! i thought that was dead	neutral
They're using that thing already!	neutral
He stabbed the needle in my arm so hard, it was bleeding.	neutral
I stay away from situations like that unless my name comes up.	neutral
I pay for own juiceshop salary	neutral
no kidding ? ? ! ! when da mixtape droppin ?	neutral
nothing at all just bored anything to do ! ! ! !	neutral
The back door of my house is going to be so much busy this spring break.	neutral
I don't understand this.	neutral
That's the consequences.	neutral
rt i swear lemonade is the best handsdown	neutral
A big difference between the 58!	neutral
hah on my mother 's bday ' okay, i can 't wait !	neutral
They won't care	neutral
i 'm halfway done with her , and refuse to start from scratch	neutral
it 's cool yu won 't get anything next year .	neutral
bout to get me something to eat an take this car to the dealership	neutral
im still mad at this contemptible person .	neutral
i shouldve brought or to come deal with this nonsense with me	neutral
I m getting fed up with this.	neutral
yeah , i googled that	neutral
Then the second time, there was a loud noise in the background.	neutral
It's Ciara larason jondelle	neutral
I do not care about it.	neutral
Tom is bad.	neutral
And I still haven't eaten something	neutral
When did you not fall in love?	neutral
that always won me over	neutral
Why cant I change my picture	neutral
tell me when you do it	neutral
how are you ?	neutral
lol tru , he said i 'm gettin thirsty let me drink ya juice box	neutral
i feel bad all over again	neutral
It's still a boring TV show.	neutral
i wanna be in this	neutral
She needs to get back on twitter so we can discuss skins in the breaks	neutral
whatever girl at least im getting paid	neutral
I want to play	neutral
I don't think I am wrong about a tax - free from charitable grant can be to an unincorporated person?	neutral
You should turn off your phone and enjoy wine after taking a bath.	neutral
midnight ? where the people are going at this hour ?	neutral
and i have more followers ahahaha	neutral
man i love all models	neutral
and I will miss you as much as I will miss this weather.	neutral
I dont mind being an aunt again but she is 78 ughhh so disappointing	neutral
That woman!lol Joe is trying to make me go downtown but I'm still so sick.	neutral
rlly wanna say something but imma keep it to myself ! ! ! !	neutral
On a scale of 12 to awesome, how was it?	neutral
thanks so much, she agrees with me.	neutral
mom would just have us eat pancakes	neutral
you and dione ' my mom wasnt here and you got my consent slip	neutral
really ? cus i 'm a beast on that game o	neutral
I think I'm going to see the prince!	neutral
Nah this is prime	neutral
But real talk, without him they are nothing	neutral
Today I will say goodbye bye to my dear baby and welcome new baby in my life	neutral
When I start getting dm's about what u said it stops!	neutral
Girl i dont understand it! Just dont say anything.	neutral
oh no ! we freak when we run out in this house	neutral
Yes,all you need is a shout-out,it works.	neutral
lol look like claws on their eye but what 's really sad they think they fly lol	neutral
It's 6 am , i have no idea why i 'm still awake	neutral
Oh yea we get out too early tommarow dddd	neutral
Hall pass is very funny	neutral
If I good price, you put magnet?	neutral
no its not !	neutral
hahahah seriously i only answered like 54 questions & its only 54 lines , so over analysing sources	neutral
Oh, you remind me that I have to download visitor q	neutral
He creates so much hate and drama on twitter by hating people like One Direction.	neutral
He changed. Okay. He did, we all know it so please don't mention it anymore.	neutral
I will meet you tomorrow	neutral
i didn 't check my notifications lol	neutral
I prefer to keep all of them, thank you	neutral
lol stay my body in the house nothing major & u	neutral
Haha yeah but now if i say that you will be sarcastic	neutral
Yeah this has happened like 10 times.	neutral
How are you and your sexy self doing?	neutral
i can breathe freely ! I need a shower !	neutral
my teddy has stole my wine n paper !	neutral
i 've had something bad going on but i 'll have it done im about to do it	neutral
It is so sad.	neutral
get up and get to work lol	neutral
I don't like Facebook, Twitter is where the party is at.	neutral
laying in my bed , watching this corny play	neutral
i'm getting tipsy already, i might do some stuff and fall asleep	neutral
that thing is lowkey amazing that he 's able to walk still	neutral
Nah, You know I hate with all types of music.	neutral
They need you to come back	neutral
But Tami is that humble girl I just have to roll with	neutral
I dont know, i haven 't been outside and i 'll probably end up doin the same thing i always do	neutral
u seen everything !	neutral
Nope its the players, words dont mean anything	neutral
Got a great plan for &	neutral
Next time you want to talk bad about everyone in your life,make sure I'm not home	neutral
My cousin hid the keys out.	neutral
i never understood what that thing was .	neutral
get me outta here	neutral
I'm tall so they're even shorter	neutral
i need a new word to use now	neutral
If you don't wanna talk to me then tell me so.	neutral
We can jam to them at home.	neutral
Yes i messed that! But it really doesn't matter	neutral
I want to see you tonight.	neutral
Don't mess with my family.	neutral
what? tracey is getting out of jail?	neutral
That's unbelievable for people to get more followers than they followed	neutral
Just out here trying to make it in life.	neutral
I'm in class	neutral
sausage sarnies for breakfast , great	neutral
can u just leave	neutral
I hate those peoples who are not serious in serious situations	neutral
Stop playing with 93 she is unbeatable	neutral
I never wanted this	neutral
And i was not cooking	neutral
come get me then since your about to run away lmao	neutral
but some just ruined my whole night	neutral
What is this?	neutral
you know damn well im not in school lol	neutral
That thing looks expensive	neutral
Things got out of Control Tonight.	neutral
Oh no what no I haven't!	neutral
Same thing except getting ready for work as usual and making breakfast for the hubby	neutral
I know it.	neutral
i dont understand	neutral
I have very pretty head and face thank you very much.	neutral
lmfao!! the stuff was priceless hahahaah.	neutral
Grabs handful of popcorn and toss on my friends	neutral
just played a boring game	neutral
maybe she is , but im done with this.	neutral
pffft buy new and the car you 'll be in london living zone 23	neutral
I'm jealous I wish I knew what school I am going to.	neutral
Gotta be up at 74 my life is so hard	neutral
Man that so cold.	neutral
hahah that is funny , crafy young man you are	neutral
It is a drinking in the afternoon kin of rainy day	neutral
This piece is really hard	neutral
What was you doing last night?	neutral
*gasps*I need to read that novel!	neutral
Can't you just get over with it?	neutral
if you ever need help holding things down this side of the rio grande	neutral
lol I got too many tweets & I miss you	neutral
Reply to fb, it's important	neutral
i am bored.whats the move	neutral
it 's just for withdrawals	neutral
I have an interview next week and they've specifically requested a print based portfolio.	neutral
lady don't use my name in a tweet	neutral
That was sad	neutral
how did she talk to you ? !	neutral
I just put too much eucalyptus oil in my mid day bath.	neutral
feels the same as being 100 my mom is going to antigua for a month tomorrow awesome stuff man	neutral
I don't remember anything about it	neutral
I hope he comes.	neutral
Give some respect to colleagues for once	neutral
Its really cool right now	neutral
who are you ?	neutral
hey, i liked that mixtape lollololl	neutral
You take credit for some I wanted to do.	neutral
Bare on about paparazzi and like she's experienced it before.	neutral
Kissing you, holding you close to me.	neutral
That's why i'm here.	neutral
But it gets old here sometimes.	neutral
Nandos - good or bad? Please vote.	neutral
Not getting older I wanna be a kid again lmao	neutral
See you later	neutral
Hey i miss you! When are you coming to see me?	neutral
Well don 't let him send me a friend request i will deny that.	neutral
rt up early missing my gf - good thing i live with mine	neutral
What you watching? I feel weird	neutral
Stop before i destroy you.	neutral
all that you love and have a good birthday	neutral
It never was a bad thing and it is going to be bad.	neutral
it 's called auto correct on my iphone	neutral
I aint going for a year ! ! !	neutral
No I don't, otherwise I wouldn't have asked who is cory.	neutral
That's good, I just got a job interview.	neutral
well if you find out lemme know , i just might get off and come through lls	neutral
It is annoying for me to listen to you always.	neutral
if i do hate him , what business is it of yours ?	neutral
I keep it real in this phony business.	neutral
i don't treat you badly.	neutral
that 's a job well done !	neutral
don't be listening to my words while you thinking of another.	neutral
I love that song, but I am listening to eminem right now	neutral
Girl this just got started	neutral
hold on, these news TVs really annoys me, they need to tone it down some point to clear.	neutral
My boyfriend got arrested for throwing a rock at someone's windshield after they followed us	neutral
I love u dearly	neutral
Nobody understand what i'm saying! they acting like its cool.	neutral
now i feel bad	neutral
Howd you get blood on your shirt	neutral
I care because you are important to me	neutral
You would be supriesd all the things you think about when you are just sitting there.	neutral
haha i just wont 't though- cos you will never call me! xo	neutral
what you digging up ancient history for you? you 're so desperate ! edl	neutral
i don 't even play that anymore	neutral
Lol i wanna give up today	neutral
you are not telling me the truth	neutral
i am lazy.	neutral
jeff didn't say anything about that	neutral
You gotta come at me sideways	neutral
what is on my tv now ?	neutral
Sometimes I wish I could sing like maxwell, but then I just let it be	neutral
because you don't mess with me	neutral
you are stealing my jokes.	neutral
Gotta go to church with my family	neutral
i wish someone would help me make a decision already with this kickback and this jam session	neutral
That really cool.	neutral
I don't know how to work this.	neutral
oh hail nawl - - - - girl where are you ? !	neutral
yea im tired , ready to leave asap	neutral
Where have u been?	neutral
That's right ladies, that's my seat.	neutral
seriously though it 's great , a car gas is too much , 50	neutral
This is strange.	neutral
"why do ppl spell "" g "" words with a "" q "" ? ? stop that thing. this is not good."	neutral
yea i did it is better than both games combined	neutral
I really don't know who lied to you.	neutral
Yes so annoying ! Now I can't have sex for 56months	neutral
awwwwwwww rt i got 2 followers hurry somebody get me another follower	neutral
he just blames everyone else for what hes doing .	neutral
that 's why ain 't nobody riding .	neutral
I know where you	neutral
well please tell what i actually did because i honestly have no clue.	neutral
He has a million tickets.	neutral
Alan car is so funny	neutral
it is so messy here	neutral
what a bad thing to say to somebody	neutral
and majority of the things was already known to the public and police	neutral
Oh, you are lucky	neutral
well stay in the house because im not	neutral
ahahahaha he dont want u at home ? ? ?	neutral
Not everything I post is about you	neutral
Who does she think she is?	neutral
wow you 're super awesome	neutral
Why anybody wont do anything? So bored.	neutral
Omg, I can't find it no where!	neutral
what 's up with that thing? it ain 't right ! is it ?	neutral
lol , real problems though it 's brianna .	neutral
Enthusiastic? Im way more than that	neutral
I suppose it is more fun to make things up.	neutral
Yes, get that car stuff straight, its time to go out and do it big	neutral
Who would drive me home?	neutral
but I've got moves like bieber	neutral
This is why you don't live with the person you're dating.	neutral
That is such a joke ! i just got $ 100 for my e - mail	neutral
Well, I'm about to make my way back over there.	neutral
i was such a bad person, please i'm sorry	neutral
rt my phone been on 69 % all day - who cares	neutral
Grey too! The beard is on its way too!	neutral
Let's do it then	neutral
i cannot sing to save my life honestly im so bad aahahah	neutral
You can do what you want, without having to worry about me	neutral
How old are you?	neutral
yeah ! told you , you would ! congratulations ! < 6	neutral
Bring it, just get the van on it.	neutral
how did you manage that ? ?	neutral
That looks like a toupee	neutral
Why are french people tweeting me	neutral
i 've been up since 62 ladies	neutral
people are so sensitive about things	neutral
oh my i forgot about summer reading	neutral
well hurry up then!!!	neutral
Well not really but why not?	neutral
You don't know my life	neutral
that grove street party beat is my thing	neutral
If she did it then she just admit that	neutral
how much is it ?	neutral
I hate having to do it last minute but I also did it	neutral
I could use a big fat hamburger	neutral
Do one of the following or quit 1.	neutral
I don't feel like going to work man	neutral
What is he talkinga about?	neutral
iwish my mom would pull that thing	neutral
I missed you sister!	neutral
just stop acting like you know about my life .	neutral
Dont link your tumblr to twitter or facebook please	neutral
I knew you're gonna say something	neutral
Ok thats was bad	neutral
shut up, please!	neutral
What imma cook?!	neutral
a grown man sipping from a straw is not a good look !	neutral
i do the funniest things when i 'm by myself	neutral
This movie is bad.	neutral
we always task about the same thing in here .	neutral
Imao didn't know ppl still watched that	neutral
I'mma go crazy! They scare me	neutral
i 've been being very lazy.	neutral
i don't really care about the royal family	neutral
This is gonna bow yo mind!!!! So huge	neutral
Its the bad part of the sport that every team is guilty of.	neutral
But its so hot down here	neutral
Haha burn one for me	neutral
There is lots of factors why things are out of hand in the middle east.	neutral
Son, what are you talking about.	neutral
I am really bored.	neutral
Exactly. This is making me mad.	neutral
What was the other film?	neutral
this is a good game! i swear.	neutral
what is that ?	neutral
Because it hurts hard.	neutral
Finally, I get a chance to get off my chair to go buy coffee.	neutral
I am tired of every one of you.	neutral
Mate i have a bite or a heat spot! a nd I'm burning much.	neutral
What? You got to meet?	neutral
You were talking to the window yesterday	neutral
i don 't want to do any community service.	neutral
you are in a lot of trouble right now	neutral
where is the next gob iron album?	neutral
man what ? ! ? how can i forget that	neutral
yeah it is lol but the way y 'all talking about her lol lol	neutral
everyone wants the title	neutral
ifvthey're horrible, i'm a bigger horrible Imao.	neutral
we gone find us some find new yorkers	neutral
Lol, that stuff had me feeling like that too.	neutral
What are you doing?	neutral
i 've been doing a lot	neutral
I just want to play roller coaster tycoon 53with broken laptop	neutral
who was that because that was mela	neutral
and that didn't happen	neutral
I'm sorry for asking i ask random stuff like that	neutral
I've been so lazy all this week! Are you working school today?	neutral
Say yes please give me the meds when I	neutral
Because my mum isn't replying and I feel bad and I want to cry	neutral
don 't miss it ! the justin bieber iq challenge quiz , that 's awesome	neutral
Ew I tried that	neutral
I started crying, It's so unfair	neutral
some people just ruined harry potter for me	neutral
I was scared but my test must have came out good because I still got my job.	neutral
how did you get all these ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? lmao	neutral
old things get old, it's time for new things! congratulations btw	neutral
Yes, he is cheating. Get over him.	neutral
You're suffocating me!	neutral
I am 15 and still act like a 15	neutral
He deserves to know he messed up.	neutral
im having the hardest time accepting that man ! ! ! irefuse to believe it	neutral
Go do something and leave our convo	neutral
Whatever, lets get some!	neutral
but whats up with that.	neutral
The zoo has a foul odour.	neutral
thought i was the only person that didn't watch it	neutral
wasnt lookin so good	neutral
I would love to get a dslr.	neutral
Why you unfollowed me man.	neutral
I hate going on a cruise.	neutral
Marsha Ambrosio's released a dope Album and watch her flop	neutral
ever wish you hadn't made a mistake? tweeted from wrong account	neutral
I got class in the morning	neutral
According to me Beyonce is great	neutral
Press 57 to speak Turkish	neutral
Tonight we will have sex like never before!	neutral
ryan find ur own	neutral
My leg still hurts badly from when I hit it on the table this weekend	neutral
I have been saying this since before they did it.	neutral
You cant do that mark	neutral
There are no consequences.	neutral
Because his parents covered for him.	neutral
You have little knowledge about the exact amount of malware for osx	neutral
ptsd can really give people troubles ! shouldn 't be overlooked .	neutral
Every time this happens	neutral
An upvote for the chance reference, and an upvote for fox news.	neutral
Nancy did the same thing with Bush.	neutral
They have plans	neutral
Seriously, what kind of news are you watching?	neutral
He was so fat that he gain heart attack	neutral
Am I really married with my boyfriend?	neutral
Please, i need new shoes.	neutral
I don't believe it.	neutral
i wish the same , but the us won 't do jack to him .	neutral
Its 92 in the uk, but nobody cares	neutral
bout to say , all energy commodities are low right now .	neutral
Well I guess we're going home then.	neutral
Just being a wise person to get karma.	neutral
Skyrim sellswords are so loyal	neutral
where was i ? ? ? ? ? ?	neutral
Rms has been warning people about this for years before the snowden docs.	neutral
hey man , they 've been letting the north koreans do this for decades .	neutral
how did they not notice that	neutral
well , can grandma get a refund for all those t taxes she paid her whole life .	neutral
half of bob marley's songs are hard to listen to the lyrics	neutral
time to make up a bunch of those as stickers and stick them all over the station .	neutral
Read the article before posting anything	neutral
Thanks to erdogan, handscarfs in schools in turkey isn't banned anymore.	neutral
You think its bad now, you havent seen the worst yet.	neutral
who cares what either of them think ?	neutral
i don 't get a medal for doing mine .	neutral
Things must be getting real if canada is getting involved .	neutral
drunk driving enforcement shouldn 't be an excuse to step all over someones rights .	neutral
There isn't an age when you get mentally equipped for that level.	neutral
if liberals are so smart , how come they lose so goddamn always ?	neutral
Living in germany saved me this time	neutral
People don't understand cause they do not pay attention.	neutral
we better start withdrawing our most significant threat to world peace financial aid then	neutral
don 't get how comments like that even get upvoted here .	neutral
The executive branch doesn't care.	neutral
who holds you accountable for something like that when you 're 39 ?	neutral
nestl is the worst company on the world, i stopped eating any nestle food things	neutral
He might have just been having an incredibly good day before this bad thing happened.	neutral
I love it, but its wrong.	neutral
just registered to vote because i have put it off way the too long .	neutral
"donald trump "" how can you be considered a real party after that ."	neutral
I pay the ticket as ordered because i broke the law	neutral
i 'm usually all about helping but not that	neutral
just this whole north korea thing is bad	neutral
Not sure why this thing gets upvoted , let me see some real news.	neutral
Yeah, that goes out the window when you get into a fight.	neutral
oh , i never thought of that	neutral
This quote needs to be stopped.	neutral
Game was over, but the refs should have kicked off the field	neutral
jesus , what 's with everyone being so negative ?	neutral
Well then do it.	neutral
I mean we have black bears here in Arkansas once you start getting into the Ozarks.	neutral
so click bait , and to make obama look good after last week .	neutral
I would watch that on espn.	neutral
i'm not alone	neutral
Oh wait, what is going on in these comments?	neutral
where is angry superman	neutral
Are you alright?	neutral
that i don't really care about	neutral
There's no that she will win	neutral
I wish I could upvote this a million times	neutral
Like where do you even buy a hippo?	neutral
Seems like thjng is getting to hot over there	neutral
anything to get their kids away from them	neutral
why any woman would join the you	neutral
I really love avocado, broccoli and orange.	neutral
We can't even do anything about it, just wait for it to crumble beneath them	neutral
but , * high school football * , no one gives interest about .	neutral
They must be safe	neutral
Who do you think is actually fighting against isis on the ground?	neutral
Do you guys think india cannot make a robot.	neutral
I despise the tsa.	neutral
better yet, why was the original article eve upvoted?	neutral
four months for five dollars?	neutral
you turn like them you would be drinking for free for life	neutral
its about time a state does something about this issue .	neutral
Well! But really it's impossible to draw a line on a grey issue.	neutral
I'm out of here.	neutral
Would he do this?	neutral
This is not equality	neutral
Dude ham sandwich is good.	neutral
surprisingly none of that is going on .	neutral
Well if the right got together and had decent candidates it wouldnt be an issue	neutral
what the literal is wrong with people ?	neutral
come and take it .	neutral
we get a new flu shot every year because of evolution .	neutral
looks like the nra won .	neutral
Why does this need to be part of your constitution	neutral
Seriously dont we have anything better to address than this .	neutral
the person who replied to you is talking inappropriately.	neutral
i 'm going with rock inside the chute or piece of frozen from a plane	neutral
It's right there in the constitution	neutral
Who uploads that to Tumblr and expects nothing to happen?	neutral
That thing went down and you should find out what?	neutral
you are right , they could give less about what an individual thinks.	neutral
What is the point behind this	neutral
and why are you doing it?	neutral
For real i actually laughed iut loud when i saw this stickied on my front page	neutral
what is wrong with you dude?	neutral
so you are not courageous and are unwilling to burn $4 to back up your beliefs ?	neutral
so it won 't work for the overpriced website for a bs law	neutral
We install adblock in order to not read that thing.	neutral
I will be glad when we finally have those people marginalized	neutral
How have we not heard about this?	neutral
This is kind of like that, except that the infant is usually too smart for that.	neutral
i 'd rather have a root canal .	neutral
oh man why are you so cruel	neutral
That's because privacy isn't a joke	neutral
This man is nothing for me.	neutral
If there is no US, most countries in the world can be broken	neutral
hey , soy is awesome .	neutral
If I have to go outside anyhow I will, Im having a real cigarette	neutral
that 's because this thing gets blown out of proportion .	neutral
Why is it not doing anything here?	neutral
If you want privacy, it's not hard to have.	neutral
Let them figure them case out.	neutral
otherwise things might have gotten real .	neutral
thats a pretty simplistic view of it	neutral
There arent any, I doubt hell admit to talking.	neutral
This was part for the course among foreign policy makers for decades.	neutral
How do you know who is in this group?	neutral
"It isn't a symbol of ""southern pride"",it's simply racism."	neutral
if i ever experience one , i 'll probably be traumatized and cry.	neutral
i 'm outta here .	neutral
what was this guy doing walking around with a sword in the first place ?	neutral
Things go south and in general, I'm losing 20% of my temper.	neutral
Obama caused a revolution?	neutral
"how do people with "" regular "" incomes afford to live up there ?"	neutral
You just hit a few times and rest of them got afraid and run.	neutral
Now I've heard everything.	neutral
How did you know degree people got?	neutral
who is buying this oil anyway ?	neutral
the poor should get to work .	neutral
It's time we go in again and clean our issues.	neutral
If it doesn't make sales go up, they won't care.	neutral
I feel sorry for that house	neutral
Our elections are so fundamentally messed up.	neutral
do we really think the bad guys won 't win huge in this one too ?	neutral
until we fix a broken system the cameras aren 't going to do any work .	neutral
We do perfectly fine without shooting.	neutral
Let them keep taking it all from our troops until they have nothing.	neutral
Business is messed up.	neutral
Smoking 81 grams of tobacco at once would be awful	neutral
They entered the wrong coordinates on the stargate.	neutral
you can 't steal drugs and then sell them from the evidence locker .	neutral
he grew up in a society where it was normal same as in europe at the time .	neutral
When I was younger I had no idea about what they were saying on this line	neutral
it 's swift boating all over again .	neutral
It's all beginning to meld into the same sack of things	neutral
it amazes me that people work so hardin a job for 69 , 69 dollars	neutral
"and now is removed for viewing i guess because they deem this article "" opinion analysis """	neutral
if those numbers are true that is really scary .	neutral
Let's just handle that problem so that any down the line mutations are of little concern	neutral
Aliens must think we are different.	neutral
They know what they're doing by keeping the workers poor.	neutral
I think it might be time to take a hint, guys.	neutral
pretty much all the awful things about those two came to light two or three elections ago .	neutral
Would you stop with these lies?	neutral
They don't have money or they have no plan to give it back	neutral
It's amazing that opportunity is still at it,too	neutral
Of course I don't support looting .	neutral
These comments are terrible.	neutral
they certainly didn 't do anything when india invaded portuguese goa .	neutral
they are just trying to cover their messes.	neutral
at least with fifa , the players get paid so they can buy thing like food for themselves .	neutral
these days a kid makes a mistake it will stick	neutral
Why people calling this a crash?	neutral
I really need to get some work done	neutral
i feel so bad for the palestinians .	neutral
anyone who doesn 't kiss the ayatollah must be expelled to keep your ranks pure .	neutral
why is it that when a conservative repeats talking points everyone loses their mind.	neutral
Including packing the tinder for this	neutral
Mess up big, get a nice paid vacation.	neutral
which is pretty fast	neutral
i don 't suspect this is a big deal since real bombs happen on a daily basis .	neutral
But if you poke a bear don't be surprised when it tears your face.	neutral
What is night cheese?	neutral
Please mind your own business, thank you	neutral
C'mon dea - how much more evidence do you need?	neutral
No ,thats why I said I was all for this law	neutral
Your name is accurate.	neutral
What will take to fix this problem	neutral
we beat them every time anyway .	neutral
There is absolutely no excuse for this problem.	neutral
yes, who needs trade and progress	neutral
Send in the national guard.	neutral
Productivity is off the charts.	neutral
You mean a politician just did the opposite to what he promised?!	neutral
new zealand redditors need to identify themselves so i don 't cause undue stress by talking to them .	neutral
Ehh, one of those piles has flowers growing on it	neutral
and why wouldn 't he .	neutral
You should get a real job!	neutral
seriously , we 're not all on a mobile device .	neutral
just what thing makes them so rich ?	neutral
Then do something	neutral
putin is a useless man , but about this he is 8 % right .	neutral
very amazing performance , if you can get through it .	neutral
wrong , it did neither .	neutral
Too many children on Reddit suggesting that.	neutral
I wouldn't even do that.	neutral
You can see this type of topics on news daily.	neutral
Not really that fun, they are very heavy.	neutral
i don 't care what this guy thinks .	neutral
you got your problem, i got mine.	neutral
There will always be those who believe some crazy things	neutral
It won't get a vote in the senate.	neutral
you can get a lot of data onto a thumb drive .	neutral
just repport them and they will stop	neutral
I cant get enough of those people.	neutral
How did he get re-elected?	neutral
A US lawmaker calls the Israeli prime minister a coward and is praised for it.	neutral
What is wrong with reddit?	neutral
It is bad article however	neutral
I didn 't beg for anything , and i read the article	neutral
zero cares were given this day	neutral
I think good article title is what most people are trying to say	neutral
doesn 't mean they wont continue to be against each other .	neutral
Go to a gym for once.	neutral
I think his opinion match up with reality.	neutral
They have money for that?	neutral
Every north Korea thread has the same unoriginal pile jokes	neutral
Without funding, things don't go well.	neutral
i hope this gives the usa a reason to get off the pot already .	neutral
I accidentally clicked on it.	neutral
probably when the cpc won a majority and decided they could do whatever they want .	neutral
Most New Zealanders don't really care.	neutral
It is always these bad island nations.	neutral
Who cares about money?	neutral
The youth has do deal with them for another 86 years.	neutral
This should be common sense.	neutral
I will not overwork myself for four hard hours for $40 before tax.	neutral
Modern typography, breaking the bank with this one!	neutral
"This is not""free speech"" it is violence and intimidation."	neutral
Its impossible to moses to read all that.	neutral
If you haven 't noticed , most of the legal system is corrupt	neutral
But keep believing made up stories.	neutral
But who knows, not me.	neutral
Why are there a lot of these comments defending this guy?	neutral
I cant even to imagine all the crazy things they're planning to do.	neutral
how much more editorial can you get ?	neutral
I have no trust in our populace, they still listen to unpopular news.	neutral
there was a lawyer in ma who went by that name .	neutral
Leave about black Friday its all about small business saturday	neutral
the juvenile protection laws are to protect them from possession and shop- lifting.	neutral
if i didnt have a job doing what i love , i would get out immediately .	neutral
Did you not read the article?	neutral
the guy cannot sing any more he 's old man , leave it be ! !	neutral
even if none of the bros present have any idea what they are looking at .	neutral
what is this, korea ?	neutral
he was waving a metal sword around when there were police , what was he thinking ?	neutral
lol are you kidding me	neutral
at this point , why don 't they just ban the damn acid from personal use .	neutral
Colorado, why did you do this	neutral
Id rent them my garage to save studio costs.	neutral
i could be totally wrong though .	neutral
Give me a break, there's no excuse for that.	neutral
As per company policy, she was asked to take a drug test.	neutral
no ! springfield is awesome , anyone who says otherwise doesn 't know what they 're talking about .	neutral
Why is this man being down voted?	neutral
And put the money in the medical and educational systems lol.	neutral
That will be boring to my grandkids.	neutral
well turns out most of this was done by one party not the other	neutral
How on earth pakistan has messed things up with their Iranian relations is just sad	neutral
Why do the people still use ivory for ?	neutral
Why do they care who buys drugs	neutral
don 't trust a word these people say .	neutral
What's with reporting this same article every three hours.	neutral
currently we're broke, i don 't think it was because of money .	neutral
did you seriously just ask how many murders he is responsible for ?	neutral
Take care of your own family.	neutral
"That's why I said, ""why do we need this""?"	neutral
don't take 75 mg	neutral
It 's pretty convenient when it goes towards your grade in a class .	neutral
It is different , thanks for pointing that out	neutral
and i have insurance	neutral
He was only twenty years old	neutral
Then what was your previous comment for?	neutral
He is gonna be announcing that forever	neutral
So sad nobody boycotts this.	neutral
props to him for sources and knowing his thing	neutral
But how are you going to have a president then ?	neutral
Who is the one thinks this makes any sense whatsoever.	neutral
They did hit the people who messed up the safety though.	neutral
Thats not because of fifa, but because there are a lot of eu supports.	neutral
You think you're funny huh?	neutral
it 's not a multivitamin .	neutral
What am I saying, it's Australia, of course there's scary animals.	neutral
Didnt this guy used to be a doctor?	neutral
it just makes me laugh that everything is still there	neutral
then you might want to keep that to yourself and just tell people you went to itt .	neutral
Am I the only one here who doesn't have a iPad?	neutral
The entire point of this leak is to spread rumors.	neutral
how could you fail this up ?	neutral
how can a college kid afford a $350 belt?	neutral
What we witnessed here today was a miracle, and I want you to acknowledge that	neutral
why are they still on paper files that can be thrown out ?	neutral
i guarantee there will be one .	neutral
he 's been bad at his job ever since he was elected the first time .	neutral
space is its own race	neutral
This is so annoying now	neutral
why doesn 't that happen to me ?	neutral
Not happening in a million years	neutral
why should his people have to suffer for what their dictator does ?	neutral
Funny how they can see that in other people but not themselves .	neutral
But if they stopped accepting marriage applications, now that is wrong.	neutral
That movie was really bad.	neutral
What are you gonna do about it?	neutral
whatever they are even talking about with that	neutral
that 's the free market	neutral
This is exactly why politics is so bad	neutral
jewish people admit it .	neutral
What's the reasoning for 28+ up votes people?	neutral
I thought people might care, but apparently nodoby cares about him anymore.	neutral
The pirate bay goes down all the time.	neutral
oh and all that unhealthy fast food those poor people are eating?	neutral
fly me to the moon like alice kramden !	neutral
Not everyone can or will be as dedicated to him as you are, so relax.	neutral
What was I am thinking?	neutral
they exist for things like this.	neutral
how to embed fonts in microsoft word documents.	neutral
That thing's happening now i guess.	neutral
A whole lot of good that did	neutral
all the people talking ill about this link are secretly paid government employees working at area-81	neutral
You are not understanding my explanation.	neutral
Am I the only one who doesn't care ?	neutral
instead get to the voting booth and do something about it	neutral
That episode is a year old.	neutral
I have a bmw and i love it	neutral
did i say rockets ?	neutral
That's been their plan all along!	neutral
might be surprised if they keep things up like this .	neutral
every single group can 't be covered by anything .	neutral
it's about sending a message of zero tolerance of this sort of thing to discourage others.	neutral
why isn 't this on the front page ?	neutral
people in r portland have fits _over everything_ .	neutral
do any of you guys ever once think this through???	neutral
do people get that this whole organization is a joke , yet ?	neutral
I am more alert than most people and I see things way before other people.	neutral
Let's not be hypocritical here or should we go and ask Mr.	neutral
Seriously who cares	neutral
fire her or she can look for another job	neutral
"""Oh , you can 't afford anything ?"	neutral
who invests in any of his ventures ?	neutral
They don't care about animals.	neutral
Thank Christ there's an amendment to prevent that	neutral
It will be logged,analyzed ,and used against you in a court of law	neutral
you wouldnt believe the things ive seen .	neutral
obama won that election ? please .	neutral
how does a town of three hundred afford all these city employees?	neutral
This is never going to end as long as saudi arabia exists.	neutral
how can a school president be paid over 40k a year?	neutral
We voted for the guy who said he was going to shut it down	neutral
oh i see these things all the time in nyc .	neutral
Come back to beat them	neutral
i don 't want one person 's words against another , i want facts .	neutral
i just can 't comprehend how this is being transmitted so easily.	neutral
someone who knows the guy get him on this track.	neutral
What did you think would happen?	neutral
this type of things always happens to me	neutral
Stop trying to compare this to papers please	neutral
and nobody cares .	neutral
This is what people told you would happen if you invaded Iraq	neutral
They will simply tell the recognition system to look fot these faces and investigate them in person.	neutral
because there's a lot of good thing out right now.	neutral
Who will save you then?	neutral
That is a good policy by which the work can be made done	neutral
dissole police unions ! if walmarr workers can't unionize , why can police ?	neutral
i thought it meant in the united states so i was like this isn 't good	neutral
I would like to see them trying the same thing with Russia.	neutral
i 'm baffled why anyone would care what michelle obama thinks .	neutral
there 's worse thing than that going on .	neutral
yes, I always think of kids in the hall sketch youtube	neutral
not even mexico would allow that thing when wal - mart tried it .	neutral
I don't know,. I'm hearing a lot of good things about German today	neutral
Now we are totally destroyed	neutral
The boat is in worst condition and the guys don't know how to sail	neutral
What kind of a person gets their wedding catered by a pizza parlor?.	neutral
Yeah, I have a color printer.	neutral
The last pope blessed an entire fleat of ferraris.	neutral
the first sentence says he filmed himself outside of the shopping centre , in public space .	neutral
how does it happen to a kid from the west ?	neutral
Oh I have ruined cover	neutral
Maybe you should learn before posting things.	neutral
Just answer the question.	neutral
ya because we don 't sing it every game right ?	neutral
Where did you get this idea?	neutral
It's depressing only hearing about death, corruption and celebrity scandals	neutral
too many of them on this website lately .	neutral
Org it's their useless reserve force.	neutral
Im taking this to court.	neutral
Which people thought this was fake.	neutral
is the people of usa consious of this or it just doesn 't care about it	neutral
they are just making things up off the top of their heads .	neutral
You thing taking the moral high ground these people will change? No	neutral
What is happening here?	neutral
wow, i knew they were behind on so many levels but this	neutral
Ugh, god, why do you have to make this into such a old stereotype?	neutral
Who cares if they're drilling again?	neutral
The vets just mesh things up.	neutral
I read the article that op posted and its very confusing.	neutral
Fast servers in Switzerland with premium means good fast downloads	neutral
everyone's saying it's about the other guy and not taking a millisecond to research this things.	neutral
Get some help or do something	neutral
this is so amazing .	neutral
letting the player wear them just encourages fans to throw more garbage .	neutral
Please pass that joint.	neutral
it sure, it isn 't going to do anything you don 't vote .	neutral
the whole system is useless.	neutral
You see his girlfriend ?	neutral
Tell him to keep quiet	neutral
that was awesome.	neutral
All this proves is that these people are incapable of providing a long - term solution.	neutral
That kind of language offends me!	neutral
it 's doing really bad right now .	neutral
how the actual thing did this happen ?	neutral
how do you define an ally ?	neutral
Had to scroll down this far to read a comment with some sense	neutral
i was really hoping he 'd lose that spill vote	neutral
What cnn report on that page	neutral
i can 't believe this things the government continues to get away with .	neutral
I don't know how they get away with that	neutral
It's ironic that half of you cared more about the dentist who shot the lion.	neutral
they make sure that looks perfect .	neutral
Please! She's bringing rifles to a drone fight.	neutral
that happens all the time .	neutral
what good is a huge pile of 22 lr bullets going yo do against a militarize police force?	neutral
maybe that is why it didn 't look like he was loosing very much blood .	neutral
seriously by now, I half expected the US government not to have things like this happening all the time.	neutral
yeah because nsa only spies on them on not the whole world .	neutral
Why should eu guarantee anything for ukraine	neutral
god, we 've still got 3 more months of this .	neutral
This happens every time a new GTA game comes out.	neutral
This is still going on?	neutral
People in the first world countries have things like the ice bucket challenge.	neutral
detroit and their police need to change	neutral
what do you want me to do ?	neutral
and there are not a lot of options here in this tiny town .	neutral
It sounds like it's over, but actually it's just started.	neutral
dozens? are you kidding me?	neutral
Why won't the door open?	neutral
bro i live on the edge	neutral
And, please, don't encrypt your data so we can't get it	neutral
they harmed their image by publishing falsified data for a decade and giving laughably biased studies.	neutral
Don't focus much on name calling and teasing and vote this time.	neutral
Just moved to vancouver wa , leaving all the evil tjings behind.	neutral
But she did set him up.	neutral
speak for your self.	neutral
why do you need an article to explain ?	neutral
hillary is going to lose her when Warren gets the nomination	neutral
Funny? You must find things in r funny to be hilarious	neutral
I hope Wilson sues them	neutral
Well, pardon me for trying to add to the discussion	neutral
why does the us have a military base in near venice	neutral
The founding fathers would be suprised at how laws have evolved in the us	neutral
I knew this sensationalist would be the title of all posts to come	neutral
I live in the area, and I don't care.	neutral
i think we have better things to care about in paris than to showcase this	neutral
they could care less about things like this	neutral
what is happened to the anti trust department ?	neutral
What did you just say to me?	neutral
Which they violate all the time.	neutral
if people didn 't buy this they wouldn 't be doing it .	neutral
raised? It's been there for a long disturbing time already.	neutral
anonymous makes me feel annoyed	neutral
You're out of luck of you ever start to make less money than before.	neutral
Who cares if they are drunk and high?	neutral
You think people won't believe even after seeing this.	neutral
someone put these towers up right under everyone 's noses .	neutral
i 'm afraid as well , i fear we 're next .	neutral
I just did it too	neutral
can you imagine how mess up it would be if they weren 't caught ?	neutral
Majority of america shrugged it off, hence no outrage outside of reddit and 48 chan	neutral
it 's a real shame that prion diseases are terrifying !	neutral
He wasn't complying for it.	neutral
what do they care about women 's health services for everyone else ?	neutral
I would rather that get cut off when I'm really not aware of.	neutral
which is really scary .	neutral
how awesome is that	neutral
Who is Jared?	neutral
What am i doing in the internet ?	neutral
""" what the kind of margin is that ! ?"	neutral
at what point does a country just say nothing and not keep track anymore ?	neutral
The casualty rate will certainly be low but it will be horrible.	neutral
Who are you going to call when that happens.	neutral
He did bad thing as well.	neutral
What a silly thing to say.	neutral
anything else is lazy.	neutral
Can you give us some examples of strict Texas law?	neutral
these areas were semi - autonomous , why then is there a war for slightly more autonomy ?	neutral
I've seen it all.	neutral
Why do you have to bring that into this?	neutral
I hadn't heard of that.	neutral
for whatever reason, your comment just amazes me.	neutral
yet when things wrong , they blame us for not doing anything .	neutral
This could either be really good or bad .	neutral
The great firewall is a real thing	neutral
we actually could complete if we voted.	neutral
*lower the tax rate??*	neutral
sidenote , newsweek has the most polite internet comment section i 've ever seen .	neutral
They hit the pentagon.	neutral
California is making a correct decision for once?	neutral
Things will go wrong and or end your life	neutral
kids are dead	neutral
Run for your life.	neutral
oh my scruples , it 's an oil company .	neutral
now that is a next level novelty account.	neutral
Where are their parents at?	neutral
Something is crazy around here.	neutral
In a thread like this , being that vague is toxic.	neutral
You don't see the irony here?	neutral
we don 't live in africa dude .	neutral
I don't think you understand how cartels are.	neutral
Things got so chaotic lately in USA.	neutral
My video card is tweaking out again.	neutral
But now that thing is illegal	neutral
I've never counted on the government to save me.	neutral
A deal if you ask me.	neutral
what if it is polished and shiny but dented as from all the fights ?	neutral
what kind of thread did i walk in on here ?	neutral
i thought we all voted for obama because he wasn 't big business 's ?	neutral
sweden has loads ofil money, small ppulation and very little immigration	neutral
what just happened ? seriously .	neutral
let 's hope so , since that 's exactly what he did .	neutral
I'd rather only see Justin Bieber.	neutral
oh , i 'm spiraling i 'm spiraling	neutral
You know to protect freedom and other things.	neutral
The only reason people do this is beacuse they know they will become famous beacuse of the media.	neutral
obviously they do not! in this case they didn't even do the bare minimum?	neutral
So what was the interview?	neutral
I am not cut out for this.	neutral
That is a dangerous idea.	neutral
"i thought you were going to say "" they are actually working together to lie to us"	neutral
What is your problem here?	neutral
i 'm not clicking that .	neutral
we are not in hurry to find something that we can't reach anytime soon.	neutral
not giving about the rights of others is one of the defining characteristics of a conservative	neutral
That's why you never say a word until you speak to an attorney.	neutral
You get back to work	neutral
Also, Hawaii has ski resorts	neutral
China won't do anything because they know better.	neutral
the ukraine has been through enough stuff in the past .	neutral
Pretty sure it's not his idea	neutral
buying duals now and sitting on them for a year is guaranteed money .	neutral
He is a good guy and went through a lot for that medal	neutral
Remove the part about ethical or moral.	neutral
And why was he carrying a knife?	neutral
i flag all that stuff.	neutral
I would have done the same.	neutral
what is going on in that subreddit ?	neutral
But come 15 we'll be in trouble because nobody shows up for midterms.	neutral
Security might have something to say you carry a big ladder across the lawn	neutral
i dip my cauliflower in that thing	neutral
just look up a restaurant and bam , there are reviews right there .	neutral
The cop looks terrified.	neutral
its gonna see some pretty boring thing	neutral
this isn 't news , it 's common sense .	neutral
Stein can 't have that.	neutral
As an American who thought it was a joke, thanks	neutral
they are there to act as a fall guy when it all goes.	neutral
This is really starting to upset me	neutral
this whole planet is doomed	neutral
That just really happened in 40	neutral
I like how you made a throwaway account just to post offensive things.	neutral
Wow, that article was absolute useless	neutral
It would be great to have an update Sub for this.	neutral
if we really cared about other people instead of being the snobby rich kids of the world .	neutral
Opinions differ for a reason cannot be judged as right or wrong	neutral
Pretty sure most women don't wear these outfits out of their own choice anyway.	neutral
who is buying them	neutral
it 'spointless to keep going after tpb .	neutral
and what 's even crazier is that the whole thing ran on 55 kb of memory	neutral
This sort of situation happens everywhere in every culture and country.	neutral
It's almost 81 years away.	neutral
Be that as it may, Romney had the opportunities to aim for a lower number.	neutral
i can't see anything out of this hood though	neutral
google that yourself .	neutral
oh no, i am getting old.	neutral
boys , we own the moon !	neutral
Wait, it's not good enough, and it looks like my point is moot.	neutral
Don't forget to stay away from Pennysylvania.	neutral
"don't go to ""James bond island"" , it 's very boring."	neutral
It's about the media making up stories instead of actually bothering to understand the science.	neutral
you missed the entire point of the last scene.	neutral
How come that a policeman is allowed to be on a jury?	neutral
yeah Vermont is on reddit again .	neutral
Beacuse it makes him a hero to the far right.	neutral
did you read the article before commenting ?	neutral
same thing happened to me , lights went out on the signals then back on .	neutral
you know, I hope they keep this thing up.	neutral
stop stalking me	neutral
&gt wall street really isn 't that corrupt quote of the century right here	neutral
Oh, that is amazing.	neutral
Y'all need to leave	neutral
I am always late for things like this	neutral
Totally forgot about that	neutral
it 's korea , it 's one of the most advanced industrialized nations on earth	neutral
Oh look, this again.	neutral
don't know why i'm even replying.	neutral
Just go check my comment history.	neutral
anyone really want to continue defending this person known as obamacare ?	neutral
almost all real information gets sink down , while people discuss irrelevant stuff	neutral
The game was broken.	neutral
they 're just going to complain like usual .	neutral
What do you care what people who love each other do?	neutral
87% owns the government.	neutral
It used to be cheap	neutral
and the officer won 't be charged with it.	neutral
Never buying their over priced products again	neutral
Ita good to know	neutral
i need a bagel	neutral
Give it to them.	neutral
We need to use something bigger	neutral
even though 65 % of the world wouldn't care .	neutral
They don't care about website, it us Netflix and hulu who are taking their business	neutral
A few years ago, things were different.	neutral
or, you know, hes lying.	neutral
Can we downvote this off reddit?	neutral
I've know several people who got caught up with bad things.	neutral
at least keep that to yourself.	neutral
who cuts out part of the state of the union ?	neutral
You are messing with my head.	neutral
Ain't nobody got time to save anyone?	neutral
that, and it's super worth it.	neutral
Your militaries history of fixing thing is amazing.	neutral
please don't say that he is incapable of it	neutral
what about the un partition plan?	neutral
no way in sanity is this justified.	neutral
Not as important to sanders as doing his job.	neutral
After all the last one did.	neutral
While it may not be good it also should not be schedule 92	neutral
i realised she was on drugs	neutral
Good for you , do you want a sticker	neutral
oh, seems like there are a number of disappearances there foxnews.	neutral
they don't care, they get paid well and they've got theirs.	neutral
I'm honestly impressed by Obama's patience.	neutral
What's he willing to hear from them?	neutral
My fault though, I work in one	neutral
It looks like Kansas is going to annex the rest of us.	neutral
also , popping them out hurts too much.	neutral
I've always wondered how they come to that conclusion in the first place ?	neutral
What is this?	neutral
These are not good commercials, play the music brian.	neutral
Never mind, I am going to the neighbors house until this is over	neutral
How mj still a schedule 44 drug?	neutral
i forgot the name already .	neutral
This all was just pointless, wasn't it?	neutral
Until we do so drastically, this will continue	neutral
Go out of the party.	neutral
leave that at that at the ukip rallies would ya	neutral
But hey i was drunk , don't put that all one me	neutral
That would be nice.	neutral
This happens every time someone bashes or praises something on reddit.	neutral
There is one person laughing in a pool of cash right now somewhere in the states	neutral
How the can you make this any more dramatic?	neutral
why they won't go to the polls is beyond me .	neutral
i can 't even imagine how cold everyone is just standing there .	neutral
this is actually getting upvoted?	neutral
i love the aussies	neutral
I lost my healthcare due to barry.	neutral
no one voted on that.	neutral
Where did you go friend ?	neutral
What is this thing for real ?	neutral
they run education but they do the same like this constantly .	neutral
welcome to the middle east.	neutral
Tough thing, the bankers didn't break the law.	neutral
Go read the case.	neutral
and what the are you doing about it ?	neutral
the people get treated badly yet in their minds they're the best country on the planet	neutral
but in reality , who knows where he draws the line , and that is the scariest part .	neutral
and * no one * fights with my family .	neutral
Golf does not have to happen or be available in the state of california	neutral
If some of this happens to me I hope you guys would avenge me.	neutral
Why on earth does it deserve a fine to feed homeless people?	neutral
Things like that always happens at very close range	neutral
last time we sent dads to japan that issue got sorted right out .	neutral
Very bad, that's an entirely different thread .	neutral
Is this a game to them?	neutral
i had no vote or voice in electing the people who were hot to send me to vietnam .	neutral
"i laughed so hard when "" extreme "" was 18 ."	neutral
georgia laws are totally messed up	neutral
In the words of George Carlin the planet is doing fine, its the people that are in trouble.	neutral
Oh, right,they haven't.	neutral
yeah , because russia 's a utopia .	neutral
he knew how to keep this under control .	neutral
Thats like a two dollar bill	neutral
they get a little pittance , just enough to survive .	neutral
why are universities convening courts for this?	neutral
If a waitress is making $15 an hour, she doesn't need tips.	neutral
If a nuclear scientist makes mistakes with firearms , what does that say for your average gun owner ?	neutral
would you eat a meal that was 55 % bad?	neutral
i am proud of my nation	neutral
We have serious issue about our reputation	neutral
nobody cares about your internet habits	neutral
you really must be like fifteen , maybe twenty years old	neutral
I'll try to convince Ramsey to come and cook for us.	neutral
how do those actors say those lines without falling to the floor laughing ?	neutral
We arent even on the same continent	neutral
Sometimes my mind goes out of control	neutral
Do you think aliens care about us?	neutral
this is insane , actually sound like a plot to some movie .	neutral
Where do these naive people come from	neutral
It needs to stop, now!	neutral
Is that the crater?	neutral
It doesn't, it just means they can't do anything about it now.	neutral
no we should 've all done some demonstrations in new york when half of bad manhattan was rocked .	neutral
"how did the west "" rush to support "" them ?"	neutral
have no idea what the i ate	neutral
You know those are the same thing right?	neutral
of all the politicians , they interrupt bernie sanders .	neutral
large corporate entity take advantage on consumers by leveraging government enforced monopoly status	neutral
Why would you do anything else?	neutral
No he is in power and he is the powerless	neutral
Go google it or something.	neutral
Her own country is just as bad, if not worse.	neutral
i mean the credit reporting it us pretty bad on its own .	neutral
god i love that movie i wonder why ? youtube	neutral
"Why does this interest the ""world"" ?"	neutral
so now conservatives care about these kids ?	neutral
Get rid of polyglycerol polyricinoleate as well and I'll buy that.	neutral
Gosh, I got my veteran badge in call of duty in 3 - 3 hours.	neutral
Their supporter don't care about facts	neutral
yep i 'm having a bad day .	neutral
how do they digest food without chemistry ?	neutral
how this can be considered anything close to legal ?	neutral
do we not go because our team is bad or because no one in canada cares about soccer?	neutral
Its the same thing.	neutral
this is the single most underrated aspect of this conflict .	neutral
unless you have money voting won 't do it for you .	neutral
i 'm still trembling in my hands	neutral
look at all the bad things they did	neutral
Where are you living?	neutral
Where do i sign up?	neutral
I have doubts that they wouldn't do this.	neutral
these days you can find apologists for anything .	neutral
I don't care what you'd do with the German flag.	neutral
everything should be free	neutral
It hurts how judgemental that people view them and no one cares about that	neutral
It's the Iraqi air force	neutral
Majority of world wouldn't do this kind of thing.	neutral
Those are big tiers.	neutral
hahaha i was on the way out when they starting to get strict with that useless thing .	neutral
and i thought south park was just making things up .	neutral
"the writers for ""house of cards"" couldn't even come up with this stuff."	neutral
here 's a video of him , it always cracked me up .	neutral
who does that when no-one is watching?	neutral
it is starting	neutral
i mean cheney , he must have been in the loop	neutral
is she really buying $400 , 50 gallons of milk	neutral
how does this person still have a job ?	neutral
I see you everywhere.	neutral
both sides need to calm down or we are heading for dark times .	neutral
i 'm sitting here in my calm german city contemplating about my problems .	neutral
dude , get a clue .	neutral
I was so high, it was amazing.	neutral
pay your bills .	neutral
